Job SummarySee Source LLC is a data science and analytics company that helps clients across multiple industries better understand their customers and make strategic growth decisions. Examples of industries we serve include tourism and destination development, retail, entertainment and hospitality, and special events. Within each of these industries, we develop highly customized analytics platforms that help key decision makers get to their answers in a fast and efficient way.Data science and analytics underlie everything we do at See Source. We are looking to hire an entry-level business intelligence analyst to help design, implement, and manage professional analytics dashboards.Salary range: $50,000-65,000 depending on experience and technical ability.Key Responsibilities· Designing and building analytic visualizations for both internal and client-facing use· Ensure high quality standards and assist with validation for client-facing analytics· Provide support for other members of the data science team and the client success team· Develop new methodologies and approaches to continue to improve our product and services· Identify opportunities for machine learning and assist with the implementation processJob Requirements:· Candidates MUST have a professional-level working ability with business intelligence software (i.e. Tableau, Domo, Power BI, Qlik, etc.). Tableau ability preferred· Candidate should submit a portfolio of business intelligence visualizations that she/he has created. Business Intelligence Portfolio and technical abilities are more important than a specific educational background· Bachelors Degree (or higher) in relevant field (Information Systems, data science, statistics, computer science, mathematics, etc.) is strongly preferred, but relevant experience and a strong portfolio will be considered in lieu of a relevant degree. Masters degree in math, statistics or data science preferred· Strong skills in data analytics, visualization, statistics, SQL required· Experience with database management is a nice bonus· Excellent communication skills· Self-starter with good time management skillsJob Type: Full-timePay: $50,000.00 - $65,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payAbility to commute/relocate:Ogden, UT 84403: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Are you interested in a fast-paced position analyzing large data sets to find patterns, extract valuable business insights, and drive decisions in the fastest growing industry in the world? Do you want the opportunity to utilize your deep knowledge of data and knack for analysis, math, and statistics? We are looking to hire a Data Scientist to help our growing development team make effective use of our rapidly growing catalog of data for the cannabis industry. You’ll be part of a cross-functional team that’s responsible for the full software development life cycle, from conception to deployment. You'll help drive business decisions both internally and for our partners in the cannabis industry.ResponsibilitiesIdentify valuable data sources and automate collection processesUndertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured dataAnalyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patternsBuild predictive models and machine-learning algorithmsCombine models through ensemble modelingPresent information using data visualization techniquesPropose solutions and strategies to business challengesCollaborate with engineering and product development teamsSkillsProven experience as a Data Scientist or Data AnalystExperience in data miningUnderstanding of machine-learning and operations researchKnowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an assetExperience using business intelligence tools (e.g. PowerBI, Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop)Familiarity with cloud services (Azure especially)Analytical mind and business acumenStrong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra)Problem-solving aptitudeExcellent communication and presentation skillsBSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant experience;Please include the answers to the following with your cover letter1. Tell us something about Dauntless that interests you?2. What is a problem that you solved that you are most proud of?3. What's your favorite tool that allows you to be more efficient?Dauntless, Inc. provided the following inclusive hiring information: We are an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants equally without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or disability status.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:Flexible schedulePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes
Our client is a full service media agency that provides their clients with complete brand strategy, communications planning and activation across all traditional and emerging channels, including digital, social and mobile. These services include consumer insights. They are currently seeking to hire an Associate Director of Analytics to join their team.  Salary/Hourly Rate:  Dependent on experience  Position Overview:  This Associate Director of Analytics will be responsible for managed client relationships as well as a small team of Jr. Analysts and a Manager of the team. This group is at the center of many media planning processes and collaborates closely with all departments.  Responsibilities of the Associate Director of Analytics: You will be responsible for managing and pulling together the holistic data story across all media channels the client is activating on Typically heavy on digital data – Paid Search, Paid Social, Programmatic, Site Direct/native (handled by digital activation team), video (can be purchased programmatically or by activation team) Some accounts include TV, radio, OOH (esp digital OOH data), etc – omnichannel media mix would be inclusive of all channels Typically responsible for monthly and weekly/biweekly performance reporting and quarterly business reviews For most accounts, reporting is presented in a Tableau dashboard Leading and mentoring junior Analytics team members Outlining what we want to learn and picking the right metrics to look at Overseeing proper measurement setup and data processing Telling compelling stories with data Being curious to find better ways to help our clients through applied data science Partnering with internal teams, external partners and our clients Qualifications for the Associate Director of Analytics: Prior advertising media agency experience Prior experience managing and mentoring a small team. Advanced Excel is at the core of many workflows SQL is used to pull/query the data into our data warehouse Ad-servers and verification tools (i.e. DoubleClick, DoubleVerify) Demand Side Platforms Site and app analytics (i.e. Google Analytics, Kochava) Data Management Platforms Education Requirements: Master’s degree is preferred Bachelor’s degree is required Benefits: Atrium Care package available, upon eligibility  As a woman owned firm, we value diversity. We are an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by law. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.  The post Associate Director of Analytics appeared first on Atrium.
A well-established personal care company in central New Jersey with new facilities, up to date technologies and room for intellectual growth. This company develops and manufactures an innovative and diverse range of new products that can be found in stores nationwide.  Salary/Hourly Rate:  $22-$28/hr  Position Overview:  The Consumer Research Study Coordinator will be a very independent, self-motivated individual who will be responsible for creating and executing consumer surveys and studies in a professional and highly regulated setting. The Consumer Research Study Coordinator will be responsible for project coordination, data management and presentation of study findings.  Responsibilities of the Consumer Research Study Coordinator: Thoughtfully interview members of focus groups based on qualitative survey questions to fully understand product opinions and view points Designs and executes consumer studies with a professional and positive attitude Works with the team to draft screeners for recruitment Conducts interviews regarding sensory features of client products Asks intelligent questions to gauge consumer beliefs and behaviors Organizes testing with outside vendors as needed Analyzes consumer data from the testing and develops thorough reports to for R&D and other groups Qualifications for the Consumer Research Study Coordinator: Industry experience in consumer testing or sensory/consumer research preferably from a personal care, cosmetics or flavor and fragrance company Similar work at the graduate level could also be accepted A great attitude and the ability to relate to and communicate with consumers Experience creating consumer studies or surveys Data analysis/reporting experience is required Technical writing skills Experience with Microsoft Word, Excel & PowerPoint The ability to multitask with high proficiency Education Requirements: Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Psychology, Social & Behavioral Sciences, Data Science, Marketing or related highly preferred Benefits: Atrium Care package available, upon eligibility  The post Consumer Research Study Coordinator appeared first on Atrium.
Job Title: Data Scientist - Big Data Location: Seattle, WA Duration: 6 Months  Summary:  The main function of the Data Scientist is to produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets.   Job Responsibilities: Apply knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement. Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data. Generate and test hypotheses and analyze and interpret the results of product experiments. Work with product engineers to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features and provide guidelines for large-scale implementation. Provide Business Intelligence (BI) and data visualization support, which includes, but limited to support for the online customer service dashboards and other ad-hoc requests requiring data analysis and visual support.   Skills: Experienced in either programming languages such as Python and/or R, big data tools such as Hadoop, or data visualization tools such as Tableau. The ability to communicate effectively in writing, including conveying complex information and promoting in-depth engagement on course topics. Experience working with large datasets.   Education/Experience: Master of Science degree in computer science or in a relevant field.     IND123
Car shopping is complicated. At CarGurus, we use data and technology to make it simple, giving people the tools they need to confidently find, buy, finance, or sell a car. The best part? Our work makes a real impact. We're the most-visited car-shopping site in the US and we are growing fast in our international markets. Ready to come along for the ride?  On the Data Science team our goal is to extract insights from voluminous amounts of data and create actionable insights using Data Science and Machine Learning tools. The general problems to solve are unconstrained; we are tasked with collaborating with business partners to drive company's innovation and profitability. We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist who can further the team's mission of solving core business problems with data science. Current work of the team includes capturing and retaining unique visitors to our site from online search and social media platforms, helping to deliver high-quality data products to our dealer partners, and helping to craft both long- and short-term strategies for our marketing and advertising spend.  What You'll Do: Communicate solutions to both a technical and a lay audience. E.g., what is it, how does it solve the problem, why is it reasonable and what could go wrong Analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions Aid the engineers who will implement your solutions in production Measure the impact of your models and build A/B tests Improve CarGurus core algorithms like Instant Market Value (IMV) Measure the impact of television and radio advertising on online advertising Improve CarGurus core algorithms like predicting the probability of a user or customer converting or churning Take an interest in R&D and the latest ML research, but also don't hesitate to use a tried-and-true tool when it's the right one for the job Promote and foster an inclusive, transparent and collaborative culture What You'll Bring: Experience working with widely varied datasets, and strong interest in deep data analysis â€“ with a desire to investigate large amounts of data and generate insights Proven experience turning data into successful products A breadth of (theoretically grounded) knowledge in Statistics and Machine Learning, ideally with experience deploying machine learning services in production Advanced Degree (or proven experience) in one of the following: Statistics, Computer Science (ideally with a focus on machine learning) or any quantitative field which makes use of advanced statistical or machine learning techniques CarGurus Culture:  Research shows that while men apply to jobs when they meet an average of 60% of the criteria, women and other marginalized folks tend to only apply when they check every box. So if you think you have what it takes, but don't necessarily meet every single point on the job description, please still get in touch. We'd love to have a chat and see if you could be a great fit.  At CarGurus, we invest in our people's professional growth with everything from learning and development programs to tuition reimbursement. Want to work on projects that expand your skill set without sacrificing your work/life balance? You got it. We also strive to provide perks and benefits that employees actually care about like free lunch, commuter subsidies, and more. That includes equity in the companyâ€”our way of showing that we want you here for the long haul.  We work hard every day to build the world's most trusted and transparent automotive marketplace, but trust and transparency don't just apply to our consumers. They extend to our talent, too. We aim to create a workplace where everyone feels they can bring the ultimate expression of themselves and their potentialâ€”where you don't just fit, you thrive. We don't discriminate based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.  CarGurus employees in the US can choose to work from home / remotely for the duration of 2021, or participate in a phased return to our beautiful office spaces. We expect most roles to be in-office at least 3 days a week beginning January 2022. In addition to the US, CarGurus operates sites in Canada and the UK. We have offices in Cambridge, MA; Detroit, MI; Dublin, Ireland; San Francisco, CA and London, UK. Check out our careers page to learn more.
*User Acquisition Data Analyst*Founded in June 1996, VS Media is an industry leader specializing in highly interactive, high-traffic, live video chat websites. Spanning the globe with over 200 million visitors per month and 80 million ads per day, we provide a platform for adults to discover new kinds of interactive content through live video and chat services. Our size and scale stretches across every continent, delivering powerful technology to enhance our clients’ online presence. From streaming live video to billing solutions to gamification development, we leverage the latest technology to provide the best digital experience possible.*About the Job*VS Media is seeking an organized and thoughtful User Acquisition Data Analyst to support the analytical capabilities of the Business Intelligence department by analyzing data through Google Analytics. The individual who succeeds in this role is someone who is faultless with organization and succinct in communication. He/She enjoys and thrives in a fast-paced, challenging environment. This candidate will need to be extremely resourceful and able to collaborate in a team environment.As we are an internet-focused tech company, please note that we do manage adult-oriented content. This position does not directly involve working around such explicit material on a regular basis, but employees will likely notice content on a colleague’s screen or communicate with representatives in the adult entertainment industry. Therefore, it is imperative that the ideal candidate have no issue with this aspect of the business. Please take a look at https://www.flirt4free.com for an example. VS Media understands and respects that such content is not suitable for all applicants.Areas of Training and ResponsibilitiesBe the subject matter expert on Google Analytics for the BI department.Performs Excel analysis and manipulation of data visualization, and other data mining.Manage all Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager requests.Keep a daily pulse on User Acquisition KPIs; assist with User Acquisition-related projects.Create ad-hoc reports and analysis for various stakeholders in multiple divisions.Create ways to track A|B tests in Google Analytics through Google Tag Manager.Build visualizations and make data easily accessible and consistent through Tableau.QualificationsA Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Information Management, Data Science or related.Professional experience in Statistical Analysis, Finance, Mathematics and/or Data Analysis is highly favored.Knowledge of third-party analytical tools, specifically Tableau, Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager and BigQuery.Strong knowledge in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint.Experience with interpreting code/MySQL.Experience working with programmers and designers is highly favored.Strong interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills.Experience running thoughtful and statistically sound A|B tests.Helpful SkillsExperience with interpreting code/MySQL is preferred.Attentive to fine details, organization, follow-through, initiative, and ability to identify and anticipate opportunities.Adaptive to changing and fast-paced, teamwork environment while maintaining composure and a positive attitude.Trustworthy and must possess strong common sense to handle confidential/sensitive matters always using utmost discretion.Has a background, work experience or education, in Statistical Analysis, Finance, Mathematics or Accounting.As we are an internet-focused tech company, please note that we do manage adult-oriented content. This position does not directly involve working around such explicit material on a regular basis, but employees will likely notice content on a colleague’s screen or communicate with representatives in the adult entertainment industry. Therefore, it is imperative that the ideal candidate have no issue with this aspect of the business, please visit our website flirt 4 free. VS Media understands and respects that such content is not suitable for all applicants.Compensation will include base salary and incentive bonus plan (after one year of employment). Full benefits package including health/dental/vision and an attractive 401k plan.For consideration, please send along your resume, with cover and pay requirements.Job Type: Full-time
In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence by tapping into the power of data analytics, robotics, and cognitive technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems. By joining our team, you will play a key role in helping to our clients uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data and transforming the Government and Public Services marketplace. Work you'll do The Data Scientist will participate on the team that will design, develop, and deploy machine learning models to help government clients use data to manage its operations. Specifically, the Data Scientist will participate in a wide variety of Natural Language Processing activities to enable search and other related functions. The kinds of activities performed by the Data Scientist will include but not be limited to: Selecting appropriate machine learning models for tasks and building and training working versions of those models using Python and other open-source tools Designing deployment architectures for machine learning models Training users on principles used to develop models and how to interact with models to facilitate their business processes Building and prioritizing backlog for future machine-learning enabled features to support client business processes Customizing Elasticsearch features to support clients search process The team Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise. The GPS Analytics and Cognitive (A&C) offering is responsible for developing advanced analytics products and applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data in order to advance and enable the key mission outcomes for our clients. Our team supports all phases of analytic work product development, from the identification of key business questions through data collection and ETL, and from performing analyses and using a wide range of statistical, machine learning, and applied mathematical techniques to delivery insights to decision-makers. Our practitioners give special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decision-makers that consume insights. Qualifications Required:  Active Secret security clearance required (or higher) Bachelor's degree required 2+ years of professional experience 2+ years of experience with Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing 2+ years of experience programming in Python 1+ year of experience with the ElasticSearch tool Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future Preferred:  Previous Federal Consulting and/or professional services experience Applied knowledge of AWS/cloud development and solutions architecture Displays both breadth and depth of knowledge regarding functional and technical issues Experience presenting to clients or other decision makers to present and sell ideas to various audiences (technical and non-technical)  How you'll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.
WFIRM Data Scientist The Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine (WFIRM) is looking to recruit a faculty member with proven expertise in Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML). Experience in computational methods, mathematical modeling, and informatics applied to biological systems would be preferred. It is expected that the new recruit will have the ability to establish his/her research program and team through independent research funding, as well as collaborations with other WFIRM’s faculty members and their projects. The new faculty member will be operating in a multidisciplinary environment so a willingness to collaborate across functional teams is essential. He/She should have an aptitude and desire to learn and apply new techniques and is expected to possess personal attributes of integrity, creativity, problem solving, and a strong work ethic. WFIRM is a multidisciplinary group of physicians and research scientist involved in a myriad of programs focused on bringing curative medicines to the patient. In addition to our world class regenerative medical programs, WFIRM is recognized as a leader in the organ-on-a-chip platform as well as pushing the boundaries of tissue engineering. Through its relationship with Virginia Tech School of Biomedical Engineering and Sciences, WFIRM is involved in developing solutions over the entire spectrum of regenerative medicine. In short, WFIRM is an unique environment ripe with opportunities for applying AI/ML across a diverse set of scientific disciplines. Successful candidates will be responsible for some or all of the following: Design, develop, and validate new machine learning models that can uncover and describe the relationship between genetic and genomic variation, cellular phenotypes, and clinical conditions and symptoms. Design, develop, and validate new methods for characterizing variation in large cellular populations assayed in high-throughput, multi-dimensional assays. Design and integrate new computational methods, mathematical models, and bioinformatics approaches with molecular assays at the bench to provide mechanistic understandings of development and regeneration, discover therapies, and streamline the application of systems and synthetic biology. Develop computational approaches rooted in machine learning to make precise biological inferences that can not only guide experiments, but also reveal general mechanistic principles underlying cellular organization and molecular networks. Work in a highly collaborative and cross-disciplinary team to advance technology platforms aimed at delivering robust, quantitative, mechanistic, and scalable research and clinical benefit. Developing methodologies to leverage R&D data and artificial intelligence to connect different components; patients, tissues, in vitro models and in vivo models, in translational research. Develop, implement, and validate the application and use of modern machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques – applying robust statistical and quantitative methods for the design of experiments – to allow rigorous model evaluation, uncertainty quantification, prediction, and data generation. Integrate advances in diverse fields of machine learning and computer science into modern analytics infrastructure and workflows. Essential Education and Expertise: Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, Computational Chemistry, Computational Biology, Physics or related field with a focus in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence Expertise demonstrated by research publications or industrial experience in modern, applied machine learning, data mining, pattern recognition, or artificial intelligence. Direct experience with and application to the analysis of complex biological datasets and phenomena is ideal. Excellent communication skills are a must Ability to comfortably interact with diverse group of scientists and physicians Practical and theoretical understanding of fundamental models and algorithms in supervised and unsupervised learning: generalized linear models, kernel machines, decision trees, neural networks; boosting and model aggregation; clustering and mixture modeling; Bayesian inference and model selection, variational inference, Gaussian processes, causal inference, Monte Carlo methods; dimensionality reduction and manifold learning Competency in programming and scripting required utilizing languages such as C/C++ and Python. To apply for this position, please click on the "Apply Now" button on this page. You must complete the application process and then submit your application by clicking on the "Submit" button located at the bottom of the page titled "Submit Online Application". You will receive the following message once you hit the submit button: "You have successfully submitted your job application". Computers are available for applying within the lobby of the Human Resources Department located at 1920 West First Street, (on the corner of Miller and First Street) Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27104. You may also call our office for assistance at (336) 716-6464. Office hours are Monday-Friday, 8:00am-5:00pm. If you are an individual with a disability and need reasonable accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact our Supervisor of Office Services by phone (336) 716-3367 or email at accommodationrequest@wakehealth.edu. It is the policy of Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center to administer all educational and employment activities without discrimination because of race, sex, age, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or veteran status (except where sex is a bona fide occupational qualification or a statutory requirement) in accordance with all local, state, national laws, executive orders, regulations, and guidelines.
As a Senior Data Analyst for Product, you will:  Lead all things data for a product team Analyze rich data sets Improve our product to help 100,000+ developers ship code faster  About Product Analytics at CircleCI  In this role, you are a member of the Data Science and Analytics team. We are a dozen or so analysts and data scientists in CircleCI's product organization. We collaborate with product managers, product leaders, designers, and engineers, and we help product teams make better decisions and deliver measurable improvements to our products and services.  In this role, you lead all things data for a product team!  What you'll do:  Be an excellent analyst: Uncover business questions. Write research plans. Explore data in clean and raw forms. Soundly use statistics. Make clear visualizations. Uncover insights. Tell compelling stories. Present to executives. Drive action and outcomes. Support a product team: Define, forecast, and root cause product metrics. Analyze products, features, and performance. Drive product activation, engagement, and retention. Explore customer characteristics, behaviors, segments, and cohorts. Turn repetitive analyses into dashboards. Build data pipelines and tables. Brandish a growth toolkit: Define the models, paths, and loops of product growth. Support product cycles of build, measurement, and learning. Brainstorm hypotheses. Design and interpret A/B tests and other experiments. Educate partners on statistical validity. Improve our analytics practice: Scale success and celebrate fast failure. Move from one-off to repeatable processes. Complement analysis with creative thinking. Define requirements for better data. Improve data automation and analytics capabilities. Collaborate with teammates, data engineers, and analytics engineers.  What we're looking for  One to two years of product analytics: Successful candidates typically have from one to two years supporting product, engineering, growth, or marketing teams as a dedicated analyst. Typically, that experience is at a high-growth company with a well-defined product funnel. Often, candidates have additional experience supporting other functions as a data analyst or in BI-, reporting-, or analytics-engineering roles. Technical education: A bachelor's degree in a technical or quantitative field (e.g., Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, Finance, etc.). Bonus for a similar Master's degree or a data science bootcamp. Proficiency across analytics tools: Analytical SQL. Scripting in a notebook environment, using Python and Pandas. Intermediate statistics. Basic data science. Ability to quickly ramp up on GitHub, Snowflake, Looker, Amplitude, Segment, Optimizely, Airflow, DBT, and others. Right soft skills: Curious; confident; open to questioning assumptions and being questioned. Effective communicator across technical and business audiences. Results-oriented, incremental worker, able to balance vision and execution, and not easily discouraged.  You can work remotely anywhere in North America! You also have the option to work out of our San Francisco, Denver, Boston, or Toronto offices, once they reopen. CircleCI is a distributed company with team members across 50+ cities and 13 countries.  About CircleCI  CircleCI is the world's largest shared continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) platform, and the central hub where code moves from idea to delivery. As one of the most-used DevOps tools that process more than one million builds a day, CircleCI has unique access to data on how engineering teams work, and how their code runs. Companies like Spotify, Coinbase, Stitch Fix, and BuzzFeed use us to improve engineering team productivity, release better products, and get to market faster.  Founded in 2011 and headquartered in San Francisco with a global remote workforce, CircleCI is venture-backed by Scale Venture Partners, Threshold Ventures (formerly DFJ), Baseline Ventures, Top Tier Capital, Industry Ventures, Heavybit, Harrison Metal Capital, Owl Rock Capital Partners, and NextEquity Partners.  CircleCI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state, and local law.  Colorado Salary Range: $95,000 - $111,500/yr  #LI-SW1
Transforming the Future with Convergence of Simulation and Data  Data Scientists Analysts  Job Summary:  Our client in Dearborn, MI is looking for a Data Scientists Analysts. This is a contract position.  What You Will Do:  Be able to assess and mitigate end-to-end performance failure modes while root-causing them into the different onboard/offboard platforms, e.g.: EE Modules, Mobile App, SDN, Cloud microservices, Network, etc. Coordinate and Champion cross-area meetings to meet connectivity features' performance goals Keep a Customer Centric Mindset at all times and be Data Driven upon decisions/investigations; Support workplan initiatives to meet established Enterprise Connectivity KPIs Utilize vehicle data to support proper issues prioritization Support expansion and enhancements to PACE Dashboard (Performance Analytics Dashboard) to improve performance measurement insights across the globe Understand and apply failure mode avoidance methods including linkage with foundational documents, such as: Quality History, Interface Analysis, DFMEA, and Design Verification Plan Basics:  Bachelor’s Degree in Math, Data Science or related fields of study 1+ year of experience with the most popular coding/programming languages: Python, C++, C Sharp, etc. 1+ year of experience with SQL, QlikView, PuTTY and Alteryx 1+ year of experience with Embedded Telematics 1+ year of experience with querying and utilizing large datasets to prove/disprove theories/investigations; 1+ year of experience with Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity  Preferred:  Ability to query large datasets and extract/consolidate/communicate discovery with correlated groups in a short timeframe Previous OEM and/or Connected Vehicle Experience Masters of Science in Data Science Additional Safety Training/Licensing/Personal Protection Requirements  How You Will Be Successful:  Envision the Future Communicate Honestly and Broadly Seek Technology and Business “First” Embrace Diversity and Take Risks  What We Offer:  Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefit Package 401(k) with matching contributions Paid Time Off Employee Discounts Free training on all Altair products  Why Work with Us:  Altair is a global technology company that provides software and cloud solutions in the area of data analytics, product development, and high-performance computing (HPC). Altair enables organizations in nearly every industry to compete more effectively in a connected world, while creating a more sustainable future. With more than 3,000 engineers, scientists, and creative thinkers in 25 countries, we help solve our customer’s toughest challenges and deliver unparalleled service, helping the innovators innovate, drive better decisions, and turn today’s problems into tomorrow’s opportunities. Our vision is to transform customer decision making with data analytics, simulation, and high-performance computing.  For more than 30 years, we have been helping our customers integrate electronics and controls with mechanical design to expand product value, develop AI, simulation and data-driven digital twins to drive better decisions, and deliver advanced HPC and cloud solutions to support unlimited idea exploration. To learn more, please visit altair.com  Ready to go? #ONLYFORWARD At our core we are explorers; adventures; pioneers. We are the brains behind some of the world’s most revolutionary innovations and are not only comfortable in new and unchartered waters, we dive headfirst. We are the original trailblazers that make the impossible possible, discovering new solutions to our customer’s toughest challenges.  Altair is an equal opportunity employer. Our backgrounds are diverse, and every member of our global team is critical to our success. Altair’s history demonstrations a belief that empowering each individual authentic voice reinforces a culture that thrives because of the uniqueness among our team.
Basic Qualifications :  Bachelor’s of Science in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) related field, 5 yrs or Master’s degree plus 3 yrs. CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: Ability to obtain a Department of Defense Top Secret security clearance is required at time of hire. Department of Defense Top Secret security clearance is preferred at time of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. Responsibilities for this Position:  Deep Learning Analytics Center of Excellence (DLACoE) is looking for a seasoned, experienced professional having a wide range of data integration, data visualization, big data and programming skills, possessing a demonstrated understanding of artificial intelligence or machine learning with the ability to apply these skills under real world conditions. Duties and Tasks: Assist or lead the design and development of machine learning algorithms to support and achieve customer goals Draw on expertise and research to apply data science and machine learning to challenging problems over a broad range of domains Collaborate with a dispersed and diverse team of engineers and scientists to implement data driven solutions Assignments vary by task and may require you to: Wrangle, preprocess and manipulate data for use in machine learning algorithms Develop a proficiency with deep learning algorithms, design considerations, and methods to overcome limitations or constraints due to hardware or data Plan and conduct experiments to improve model performance Export deep architectures onto a small SWAP hardware platform (such as an FPGA or GPU SoC systems) Optimize deep architectures for performance, and implement systems to formalize and support such optimization Provide mentoring and training to team members Collaborate with customer/domain experts through research and development Contribute to technical proposals and business development Present new concepts clearly through oral and visual media Contribute to the direction and completion of a project Support program management duties Represent DLA CoE as a subject matter expert (SME) across the organization and with senior leaders Possess excellent written and verbal communications skills Technical Skills: Machine learning and deep learning in Python and CUDA (including scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Caffe / Caffe2, PyTorch, etc.) Communication of complex technical material (in PowerPoint, Word, etc.) DevOps, including machine provisioning (e.g. Vagrant, Puppet, Docker) Familiarity with the Linux command line (bash scripting) Experience working with large, complex datasets (images, cyber, NLP, and other signals) Distributed version control systems (e.g. git) Data preparation and corpus filtering (with PostgresSQL, mySQL, and other DBs) Validation methods Experimental design #CJ3 Company Overview:  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!  General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran
Description & Requirements Description Data science is a crucial part of UKG. Our team builds statistical and machine learning models that support product features across the company, with the goal of empowering thousands of organizations and millions of employees to thrive. We tackle problems in the fields of machine learning, natural language processing, document processing, sociology, and statistics... and we're just getting started. We’re looking for a software engineering manager to join the team and help it grow. You will lead a team of data scientists and software engineers. The team is distributed, working across multiple time zones, in an agile environment with daily stand-ups and regular releases. This position requires excellent technical, tactical, and strategic leadership, along with a strong ability to communicate both within the team, and across the organization.   As part of the team, you will:  Support and grow a team of highly motivated people. Focus on data-driven processes that lead to continuous improvement for the team. Support the professional, technical, and personal growth of a diverse group of people, with a wide range of experiences. Collaborate with the team to set the product and technical roadmaps, along with the plans for achieving them. Work with your peers to help support and drive cultural changes across the organization. QualificationsPrevious engineering leadership experience, preferably with a data science team University degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, preferably at the graduate level; or equivalent experience. Passionate about people, processes, and technologies and with the ability to use that passion to inspire and motivate others. Strong outcome-based work ethic with a sense of ownership, urgency, and drive and an unwavering commitment to do the right thing. Proven leadership in facilitating complex discussions to achieve goals and solve problems. An understanding of the importance of being data driven, and the value that KPIs can bring to continuous improvement and innovation. A technical background in software engineering, data engineering, or data science. Ability to build and maintain productive relationships with a diverse array of stakeholders and groups throughout the organization. Experience in Lean-Agile development processes such as Kanban or Scrum. Experience working in an enterprise-scale SaaS production environment.  #LI-POST #LI-Remote Corporate overview Here at UKG, Our Purpose Is People. UKG combines the strength and innovation of Ultimate Software and Kronos, uniting two award-winning, employee-centered cultures. Our employees are an extraordinary group of talented, energetic, and innovative people who care about more than just work. We strive to create a culture of belonging and an employee experience that empowers our people. UKG has more than 13,000 employees around the globe and is known for its inclusive workplace culture. Ready to be inspired? Learn more at www.ukg.com/careers EEO Statement Equal Opportunity Employer Ultimate Kronos Group is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive considerations for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, marital status, familial status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, veteran status, and any other legally protected status under federal, state, or local anti-discrimination laws.
About Daily Harvest  Daily Harvest makes nourishing food built on fruits and vegetables accessible. We do this by delivering thoughtfully sourced, chef-crafted food to customers' doorsteps, all ready to enjoy in minutes. We're on a mission to take care of food, so food can take care of you.  Our team is collaborative, driven, and future-thinking. We're constantly learning, experimenting, and iterating, and celebrate failure just as much as success. We take risks, try new things, and we get things done. We love adaptogens and cruciferous vegetables but never say no to cake. Everything we do, we do in the service of our community.  Position Overview  Daily Harvest is looking for a Data Scientist to join our Data team. The Data team uses data to create better customer experiences, enable smarter business decisions, and drive innovations company-wide. Your team will provide accurate, actionable analysis, build sophisticated data products, and develop machine learning models that strengthen our competitive advantage.  In this role, you'll work with a modern data stack including GCP / Bigquery, Fivetran, dbt, Airflow and Segment. You'll analyze tough problems, build models that enable high-quality decision making, and ship products that enable a personalized, frictionless customer experience. This is a highly visible role that has the opportunity to make a big impact on the business. What you'll do: Partner with leaders across the business to understand our strategy and desired customer experience, then deliver high-impactful data products, machine learning models, and analyses that bring our strategy to life Work directly with our culinary innovation team to build models and data visualization tools that leverage our rich dataset (customer preferences, order behavior, and engagement data) to inform our assortment roadmap Collaborate with our marketing leaders to refine our attribution, media mix, and LTV models, enabling high-quality decision-making within our marketing organization Maintain and refine our existing recommendations engine to support our rapidly evolving personalization strategy Communicate effectively with non-technical team members Ship data products to production by working closely with our software engineering team Who you are: Master degree (or equivalent practical experience) in Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics, or related quantitative discipline - PhD a plus Extensive statistical experience, including model development and evaluation, experimentation and inference (specific areas of highly relevant experience include causal inference, forecasting, operations research and optimization) Strong Python and SQL background Experience implementing models and understanding of CS fundamentals (data structures, algorithms), and how software scales Experience developing data pipelines: data warehouse management, ETL and development of scalable analytics schemas Excellent communication skills, including data visualization Ability to thrive in a fast-moving and constantly evolving high-growth environment E-commerce experience, especially within a subscription company preferred Benefits: Unlimited Daily Harvest in the office to keep you hustling, not hangry + cold brew (...always stocked) Flexible time-off policy + flexible working hours (Unlimited PTO Plan) Competitive medical, dental, and vision benefits, 401K + equity participation Ancillary benefits: Commuter, Gym membership + Citi Bike discounts Access to everything we make (including recipes in development) Annual company retreat Quarterly team outings, weekly onsite happy hours, + regular DH team gatherings to celebrate our co-workers Book club + running club Showers for post-morning or mid-workday workouts A dynamic, ambitious, and fun work environment + dog friendly!!  At Daily Harvest, our mission is to take care of food, so that food can take care of you. And it wouldn't be possible without our team. We celebrate the unique POV that each person brings to the table and believe in a collaborative and inclusive environment. As an equal opportunity employer, we prohibit any unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, military or veteran status, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or genetic information. These are our guiding principles and apply across all aspects of employment.
COMPUTER VISION SCIENTIST  GLOBAL LEADING BRAND  CINCINNATI, OH  $110,000 - $120,000 THE COMPANY This global leading company is looking to grow its diverse and clever team in Ohio. They are experiencing exciting growth in their data science team are looking for people with a computer vision and deep learning background to join. There is lots of room for innovation and you'd get to work on "first of the kind" type of projects, involving image and video analysis. THE ROLE You will be working with both image and video data to develop models to understand how their products are being used and will be working heavily with GANs You will be developing deep learning models in Python and will be using deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch and/or Tensorflow You will be involved in developing recommender systems for the company's products for their customers You will be heavily involved in product research and what can be done to continuously improve the products and the customer experience You will have the opportunity to develop your own prototypes and be very innovative SKILLS MSc or PhD in Computer Science or any other STEM-related field, with project/work experience involving work with video data and GANs You have an innovative mindset and enjoy being exploratory You have experience programming in Python and have worked with either TensorFlow or PyTorch Strong research background in computer vision, deep learning, and machine learning, with a passion to continue being involved in research BENEFITS  As a Computer Vision Scientist, you can receive up to $120,000, depending on experience.   HOW TO APPLY  Please register your interest by sending your resume to Annie Nasharr via the Apply link on this page. KEYWORDS computer vision, deep learning, machine learning, data science, video data, images, segmentation, classification, recognition, recommender systems, retail, Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, GANs, computer science, research, unsupervised learning, supervised learning, model development, artificial intelligence, PhD, video analysis, image analysis, image processing, machine vision
Job Title: Entry Level Language Data AnalystHiring language auditors for the following languages: ItalianSwedishDutchIndonesianVolga Partners is currently hiring for candidates for Data Analyst role! Rate: $15.00/hour [If applicable, Volga Partners follows all state and city's minimum wage requirements in respective city and/or state of applicant.]Job Brief: Data analyst play a vital role in researching information for various entities, tools, and data provided during the on-job training. Candidate should possess good logical and analytical skills to judge the data and give the reasoning.Interprets data and turns it into information which can offer ways to improve a businessTake batches of data, to label and manipulate according to the project requirements with sufficient level of accuracyOwn the quality of all training data and work on proactively identifying issuesWork closely with Data Science and Product team on multiple projects to present data quality metrics & identifying new attributesResponsibilities and Duties: Flexibility to respond and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently highly organized with attention to detail and a commitment to quality Being able to track and analyze.Regularly working on different kinds of tools which include UHRS.Focusing on the task at hand and most importantly should have sharp cognitive skills.Key Skills: Good oral and written communication language skills and cultural awareness of the target locale ability to understand and prioritize tasks. The ideal person should also be fluent in spoken English and also understand how people talk commonly in the workplace, at home and in the street and also have good writing skills.Required Experience and Qualifications: EXPERTISE (Reading, writing and/or speaking) in both English and respective second language.Associate degree/ certification in IT/ Communication/Research in similar fields (Preferred, but not required.)Excellent computer skills, especially typing and written.Attention to detail.Multilingual may be preferred or required.Desire to be proactive and create a positive experience for others.Work Authorization: Must have valid work authorization to work in United States. Background Check: Background checks are mandatory for this position.Currently hiring candidates in the following states: AZ - Arizona FL - Florida MA - Massachusetts MI - Michigan NY - New York OH - Ohio PA - Pennsylvania TX - Texas VA - Virginia and WA - Washington.Please read requirement thoroughly before applying: Must have own device (laptop/device).Currently hiring for part-time position, but likely to become full-time.For part time position, must be available to work minimum between 10am-2pm Pacific Standard Time.Must be flexible with training hours for the first few weeks.For full time position, must be available to work between 9am-5pm Pacific Standard Time.Must be flexible with hours. For this position, we are seeking candidates with flexibility to work between 80-160 hours a month. Ideally, candidates with availability to work at least 4 hours a day (Pacific Standard Time Zone), but varies depending on projects.Experience with UHRS platform is a plus!Job Type: Part-timePay: $15.00 per hourBenefits:Paid time offSchedule:Day shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Do you have UHRS experience? If so, how many years?This is a part time position and the hours varies between 15-20 hours a week. Is this something you are still interested in?Required: Which language are your applying for? Indonesian, Dutch, Italian or Swedish.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes
Summary Posted: Jun 17, 2021 Role Number:200258207 At Apple, phenomenal ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Would you like to work in an energizing environment where your abilities will be challenged on a day-to-day basis? If you are passionate about innovating to deliver insights through large-scale data solutions, then Apple’s Global Business Intelligence Application Lead role is for you. Work with a team of committed Data Analytics professionals, applying your standout combination of intuition for business and technical knowledge. We lead enterprise data stores with petabytes of data, process billions of rows of data in batch and real-time to provide solutions to our users helping them gain insight and to make informed business decisions. The Global Business Intelligence team provides data services, analytics, reporting and data science solutions to Apple’s business groups including Retail, iTunes, Marketing, AppleCare, Operations, Finance and Sales. We use diverse technology stacks such as Teradata, HANA, Hadoop, Spark, Cassandra and beyond. Crafting, developing and scaling these Big Data technologies is a core part of our daily job. Key Qualifications Extensive understanding of global corporate business processes and their relationship to technology Excellent problem solving abilities Able to communicate and influence across disparate groups and levels in the organization Strong written, verbal, and presentation skills Thrive in a dynamic environment, maintaining composure and a positive attitude Demonstrable understanding of development processes and agile methodologies Successful track record managing solutions from requirements analysis, to feature definition to deployment and throughout out its usable life Proactively initiates, develops, and maintains effective working relationships with team members The successful interaction with teams in an on/off shore model is important Knowledge of one or more database technologies (Teradata, Oracle, Hadoop) and experienced in Cloud Technologies Experience with business analytics products like Tableau Proficiency in writing Advanced SQLs, experience with data science and machine learning tools and technologies is a plus Description You will be responsible for ownership of one or more applications. You will work with business partners to understand their goals and requirements and will define application features and strategic roadmaps to meet those needs, in addition, you will be encouraged to keep abreast of, and plan for, technology changes as applicable to your solution landscape and industry standard methodologies. You will have overall ownership of application features and will drive engineering teams in building them. Apple is looking for an Application Lead to join our team. You will engage directly with key business partners to build positive relationships and understand their business strategies and solution needs. You will build and own solution roadmaps, and design and deliver high quality, scalable and resilient business solutions. You will need to translate complex business requirements into scalable technical solutions that meet these needs and are in line with the solution's strategic roadmap. The BI Application Lead will lead a strong engineering team in building to the roadmap and delivering to quality focused development standards. You should have application delivery experience, and be equally relaxed working with the business and driving technical design discussions. You should be passionate about data and its nuances. Education & Experience Bachelor’s Degree, experience in Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence space
Job Title Part Time Data Science Instructor Job Description Metis is hiring a Part-Time Data Science Instructor to support one or more of the following: teach our Bootcamp Prep courses, teach our Corporate Training courses, and/or support our Online Flex model. We are looking for someone who loves and excels at teaching and supporting students as they work on projects in Python, Math and various Data Science topics which include Exploratory Data Analysis, Linear Regression, Classification Models, Unsupervised Models, Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, Big Data and others. This person will be passionate about teaching others to get started or grow in their data science journey, and are fun to be around and work with. An ideal instructor should be quick to learn and adapt, have strong communication skills, is technically knowledgeable, and behaves in a professional manner. Responsibilities : Metis Part-Time Data Science instructors are responsible for providing incredible and inspiring Data Science instruction and mentorship. Throughout the year, instructors will work on one or more of the following: lecturing, curriculum development for new and existing courses, hosting office hours, mentoring students, grading projects, managing Teaching Assistants, assisting with marketing, and others on an hourly basis. Specific responsibilities can include: Delivering the Bootcamp Prep or Corporate Training course lectures Mentoring students one-on-one in the development of their projects Leading course discussions Providing personalized support to students Managing a Teaching Assistant Hosting office hours Improving the quality of our curriculum Grading students deliverables Participating in marketing activities Ideal Applicant Is a data scientist with outstanding knowledge of and experience in Python, Calculus, Linear Algebra, Probability, Statistics and various Data Science concepts and algorithms which include supervised and unsupervised learning, dimensionality reduction, exploratory data analysis, and programming best practices Has solid data science industry experience Is equally passionate about data science and teaching Strong communication skills Preferably has teaching experience alongside data science Approaches problems with a design perspective If applicable host Mock Interviews Perks of the Role Part of a team that is transforming education Flexible hours, including mix of teaching and mentoring Competitive compensation package #LI-AMR1 Location Remote/Nationwide, USA Additional Locations Employee Type Employee Job Functional Area Instructors Equal Opportunity Employer
Principal Data ScientistAttunely is looking for a Staff Data Scientist to join our highly experienced team! This role will work with our Data Science group to develop individualized ML models for our customers in the financial sector. The ideal candidate is adept at developing and improving predictive models, as well as rigorously evaluating their effectiveness. They must have significant experience at working with large amounts of data from multiple sources and at translating their insights into functioning code. They must be comfortable working across teams and with a range of stakeholders. The right candidate will have a passion for economic modeling and for working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes, as well a drive for personal growth within the data science field.Responsibilities: Work with the Data Science team to develop machine learning models for customers.Use analytical methods to assess and improve models.Researching new features and data sources for model improvement.Work with the sales team to present analysis of model performance to customers.Make improvements to the model creation pipeline (Python & Spark).Assist in cleaning and structuring data.Qualifications: Experience with creating machine learning models for use in an economics context.Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.Significant experience extracting insights from large data sets.Experience testing hypotheses or models for accuracy against new data sets.Experience using computer languages to manipulate and process data.Significant data science experience, ideally including an advanced degree in a data-heavy quantitative field.Experience with Python.Experience with Apache Spark is a plus.Why Attunely: Attunely is a cloud-based, yield optimization platform for the accounts receivable management industry that uses machine learning to increase revenue recovery, thus improving outcomes for creditors, lowering risk in the credit ecosystem, and facilitating a better consumer experience.We are a fun startup crew based in the heart of Seattle’s Pioneer Square. We are a proud blend of techies, credit and collections industry veterans, and academics – our diverse experience makes us better. Recognized as a 2021 Best Company to Work For by Built In Seattle, benefits include fully-covered medical, dental, and vision for every employee, a 401(k) plan, and self-managed PTO.Working at a startup has many benefits, and one of them is the potential to make it big. We see a unique and large addressable market opportunity with a higher probability of a rewarding and enduring career trajectory. As a true startup, there is ample opportunity to have direct impact on product decisions, participate in learning and professional development opportunities, and take on leadership roles. If you like digging in and getting creative in a genuinely supportive environment, Attunely is the place for you!At Attunely, we value diversity and treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability, or other status protected by local, state, or federal law.In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.Job Type: Full-timePay: $180,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Will you now or in the future require Attunely to commence (“sponsor”) an immigration case in order to employ you (for example, H-1B or other employment-based immigration case)? This is sometimes called “sponsorship” for an employment-based visa status.Work Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Job Summary A talented data scientist with strong background in realtime big data solutions and contextual relevance frameworks. Responsibilities You will work as part of the core team and help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, making smarter decisions and contextual relevance in order to deliver even better products. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our products. Qualifications Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable Great communication skills Experience with data visualisation tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. Proficiency in using languages and query languages such as SQL, Python, C#, C++, R, Hive, Pig Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase, Realm Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Good scripting and programming skills C#, Python, Java, Android Studio Data-oriented personality Education Requirements MS or PhD in Data Science or comparable field strongly preferred. However, overwhelming weight will be given to experience and prior accomplishments.
Organization U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Reference Code FDA-CFSAN-2021-0025 How to Apply Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond! A complete application consists of: An application Transcripts – A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list One educational or professional recommendation  All documents must be in English or include an official English translation. If you have questions, send an email to ORISE.FDA.CFSAN@orau.org. Please include the reference code for this opportunity in your email. Application Deadline 9/7/2021 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone Description Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis. Early submissions are encouraged, as a selection could be made before the deadline. A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (CFSAN), Office of Compliance (OC) located in College Park, Maryland. CFSAN is seeking a data science-orientated participant to contribute to the development of models and analysis to better define global food supply chains, assess risk, and determine the optimal regulatory intervention to prevent food-borne illness. Such models will support regulatory decisions on how to best deploy limited resources and maximize the impact on public health. There is a need to apply modern statistical approaches, such as data mining, machine learning, and predictive analytics to analyze bigger, more complex data and deliver faster, more accurate results. We also seek more automated ways to analyze and present data visually through interactive reports and dashboards. Under the guidance of a mentor, learning objectives of this appointment include: identifying available structured and unstructured data available within FDA and externally (e.g. from other US and Foreign Government Agencies, third-party data sets, etc.) research approaches for streamlining the collection and reporting of the data, to include data calls and scraping using APIs, and automating/consolidating existing reports developing visual analytical dashboards in SAS Visual Analytics, Python, Shiny, Qlik Sense, or Tableau developing and testing predictive and machine learning models using Python, R, SAS, or Analytica presenting results to support regulatory decision making by Senior Management  Anticipated Appointment Start Date: August 1, 2021; start date is flexible This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education, was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and FDA. The initial appointment is for one year, but may be renewed upon recommendation of FDA contingent on the availability of funds. The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. The appointment is full-time at FDA in the College Park, Maryland, area. Participants do not become employees of FDA, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Completion of a successful background investigation by the Office of Personnel Management is required for an applicant to be on-boarded at FDA. OPM can complete a background investigation only for individuals, including non-US Citizens, who have resided in the US for a total of three of the past five years. FDA requires ORISE participants to read and sign their FDA Education and Training Agreement within 30 days of his/her start date, setting forth the conditions and expectations for his/her educational appointment at the agency. This agreement covers such topics as the following: Non-employee nature of the ORISE appointment; Prohibition on ORISE Fellows performing inherently governmental functions; Obligation of ORISE Fellows to convey all necessary rights to the FDA regarding intellectual property conceived or first reduced to practice during their fellowship; The fact that research materials and laboratory notebooks are the property of the FDA; ORISE fellow’s obligation to protect and not to further disclose or use non-public information. Qualifications The qualified candidate should have received a bachelor's, master's or doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields. Degree must have been received within the past five years. Preferred skills: Strong background in data or computer science Ability to extract and transform data, conduct descriptive and inferential statistical analysis, develop predictive or machine learning models Tableau (Desktop and Prep) An interest in public health and supply chain management (to include GIS) Eligibility Requirements Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 month(s). Discipline(s): Computer, Information, and Data Sciences Earth and Geosciences Engineering Environmental and Marine Sciences Life Health and Medical Sciences Mathematics and Statistics Other Non-S&E Social and Behavioral Sciences Affirmation Have you lived in the United States for at least 36 out of the past 60 months? (36 months do not have to be consecutive.)
Summary Posted: Nov 5, 2020 Role Number:200205376 Are you passionate about enabling unique user experience such as Face ID, Animoji, AR games? Imagine the countless possibilities powered by Artificial Intelligence. In the Video Engineering team, we are dedicated in providing hardware acceleration using the new proprietary Apple Neural Engine SOC to enable real time, low power and high performance execution of Deep Learning workloads. The Apple Neural Engine compiler team is working on exciting technologies for future Apple products. We're looking for a driven and dedicated engineer to work on the next generation of Apple products. Key Qualifications Experience with SoC or/and GPU acceleration for AI Experience with SW/HW parallelism, and asynchronous processing Experience with embedded systems, and real time OS development Experience with low level OS/driver programming Excellent programming skills of C/C++ Excellent software design, problem solving and debugging skills Good understanding of Deep Learning workloads Excellent communication and teamwork skills Description You will implement ML algorithms using Apple Neural Engine SoC, with an emphasis on performance and power. You will add support for new hardware feature into the Apple Neural Engine compiler stack. You will run performance analysis and optimization of ML workloads running on Apple Neural Engine. You will evaluate existing hardware blocks and contribute to the definition of new hardware blocks. You will collaborate with the hardware team to review hardware specifications; in addition, you will work closely with the design and micro-architecture team to understand the functional and performance goals of the design, and design appropriate tests. You will also partner with the driver/firmware teams to integrate HW acceleration in our software stack. Education & Experience Master's degree or higher in Computer Science or equivalent field.
As a Senior Data Scientist you will be responsible for leading analysis that directly shapes the strategy of the business, being exposed to senior decision makers and executives . This is a senior role with the opportunity to grow into management over the medium-term conditional on performance. You will be joining an entrepreneurial team within the wider business who are responsible for both helping determine Pollen's strategic direction and making those plans a reality.  You should be whip-smart, analytical, autonomous and have an entrepreneurial drive to help shape the future strategy of Pollen.  In the first 6 months you will:  Create a strong understanding of our customer segments through dimensionality reduction techniques and clustering.  This role will be leading all technical aspects of our primary research project for Q1 2021, in conducting an advanced segmentation of our total addressable market. This work is designed to allow the company to richly understand the drivers and barriers of our potential consumers, their demographic and psychographic profiles, to quantify them, value them, prioritize them and make recommendations to the business. You are successful when the segments you identify are used across the business when discussing our consumers and are a core input to how the company shapes product, marketing, content and corporate strategy.  Build classification models to predict what segment a customer would fall into based on their interactions with us.  Once we have a good understanding of the segments of customers we are trying to target we need to build analytical processes to classify all new customers into the relevant segment, which will allow personalization of our UX and CRM systems. Your experience building and tuning models will be fully utilised here. You are successful when your predictions are used in production by our Product, Tech and Marketing teams.  Collaborate with other insights professionals, data professionals and non-technical stakeholders to gather the necessary data to help drive strategic decision making.  You will be joining a diverse insights function with employees all across the insights spectrum, from User Research through Market Research to broader Strategy Analytics. This means that you will need to be an effective communicator and collaborator with non-technical partners, who will frequently be providing the data you need to conduct your analyses. You are successful when your data partners have a clear understanding of your support requirements, and your non-technical partners feel well supported by the data you provide.  Conduct analysis to understand what experience characteristics are driving customer satisfaction  In order to optimize the design of our experiences with confidence, we need to know exactly how our customers feel about our experiences and what is driving that satisfaction. You will use the data collected by your Market Research colleagues to build a robust statistical understanding of how different consumer groups react to Pollen, and make associated recommendations for future experience design. You are successful when your recommendations are implemented and they lead to increases in customer satisfaction.  Excel at stakeholder management  In this role, you will be expected to work across multiple teams - at any one point leading multiple cross-functional insights projects. To be successful, you will need to be able to manage multiple stakeholders all the way up to the C-level.  Mentor more junior staff  As the leading data scientist in the team you will need to support the development of more junior team members through mentorship, supporting their skill growth, learning agenda and industry awareness.  About our culture We are results focused so you can choose your own hours & take as much vacation as you need to drive results and perform at your best. Watch our CEO talk about our innovative culture. Read our CEO's open letter about our focus on Belonging, and about the mission of our women's programme Illuminate. Everyone is an equity owner in the company. About Pollen  Pollen builds, curates, and delivers the best travel experiences using technology, a network of global partners, and a data-driven customer-led mindset â€“ pairing world class entertainment with the world's most exciting destinations.  Pollen brings you all the best experiences on pollen.co. We have two offerings: Pollen Presents and Pollen+. Pollen Presents curates experiences around your tastes and preferences you can't find anywhere else. These experiences bring together music, sports, wellness and beyond to enable you and your friends to connect around one-of-a-kind itineraries in exciting destinations. Pollen+ always gets you more at music festivals and events when you book through us. Pollen+ partners with the biggest promoter brands and music festivals, including We Are FSTVL, Austin City Limits, Bonnaroo, C3, Electric Zoo, Live Nation and more.  Pollen was founded in 2014 by brothers Callum & Liam Negus-Fancey. Pollen is backed by prominent investors including Kindred, Northzone, Sienna Capital, Backed and Draper Spirit. Pollen has raised over $100 million in VC funding.  GDPR Statement  When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by Streetteam Software Limited t/a Pollen ("Controller"), which is located at 3 Loughborough Street, Vauxhall, London, SE11 5RB and can be contacted by emailing people@pollen.co. Controller's privacy officer is Stephanie Ng-Fragner, who can be contacted at stephanie.ng-fragner@pollen.co. Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Controller's recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment.  Your personal data will be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America and engaged by Controller to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on Controller's behalf. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this site. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards under either the standard contractual clauses or the Privacy Shield. You can obtain a copy of the standard contractual clauses by contacting us at legal@pollen.co.  Your personal data will be retained by Controller as long as Controller determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment. In the event that you are unsuccessful during the recruitment process, your personal data will still be retained by Controller for up to a year for the purposes of assessing your application for future vacancies. Under the GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have the right to data portability. Please notify us if you would like your personal data erased. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority, including the Information Commissioner's Office, the UK regulator for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk).
DATA ENGINEERING MANAGER GAMING NYC METROPOLITAN AREA $170,000 - $180,000 A Europe-based gaming company has touched down in the New York Metropolitan Area, and they are looking for a Data Engineering Manager with a range of abilities. The gaming industry is just getting started in the U.S. and it is showing no signs of slowing down, this is a great opportunity to get in on the ground floor! THE COMPANY This energetic company was founded around its love of sports almost two decades ago, and it is now a mainstay of the gaming space worldwide. They have merged technology and gaming to bring a seamless platform to their customer base and are now expanding their data team. You will have the pleasure of working to bring joy to sports fans around the world! THE ROLE - Data Engineering Manager As Data Engineering Manager, you will be partnering with engineering and analytics teams to properly align technology and development to the needs of the business. You will also be responsible for the output of the Data Engineering Team. Your team of engineers will be responsible for the data platform within the U.S. and reporting of company data. Additional responsibilities include: Developing, maintaining, and optimizing the data platform and ecosystem with the help of your team Reporting directly to the Managing Director, and working with the Data Product team to work with other stakeholders throughout the company Communicating the direction of the data projects to the engineering team, as well as adjacent teams Working with members of the data science team to help build and optimize the company's product. YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE: Degree educated in a numerical discipline (computer science or relevant field) Proven experience employing ETL pipelines in the cloud using the AWS tech stack Commercial experience using Python and SQL, as well as BI tools like Tableau or Looker Professionally experience with data streaming and data scheduling tools Must have experience leading a team in a professional setting BENEFITS: As Data Engineering Manager you can expect to earn up to $180,000 (depending on experience), 401k, medical, dental, vision, and more. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your resume to Danny Macdonald via the Apply link on this page. KEYWORDS: Data Engineer, Data Engineering Manager, SQL, Python, AWS, Analytics, Pipelines, Data Architecture, ETL, Data Management, Querying, MongoDB, Spark, Spring, Redshift, Azure, Investment Management, Private Equity, EC2, EMR, Postgres, Kafka
Position Requires a Top Secret (TS/SCI) Clearance with a Polygraph.  Estimated Salary: Position Level: Level 1 – Subject Matter Expert Salary Range: Up to $215,000.00 per year  B4Corp Estimated Salary Ranges: Position Level Min Salary Max Salary Level 1 – Subject Matter Expert $160,000 $215,000 Level 2 – Expert $140,000 $195,000 Level 3 – Senior $110,000 $170,000 Level 4 – Full Performance $60,000 $100,000  Mandatory Requirements:  1. Demonstrate Python development background with expertise in Python data analytics packages such as pandas, numpy, scipy, gensim, and scikit-learn 2. Demonstrate database technologies, including Elasticsearch and SQL databases 3. Demonstrate data pipelines and workflow technologies, such as Apache NiFi 4. Demonstrate task tracking and version control technology, such as GitHub and JIRA 5. Demonstrate artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies/packages, such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and scikit-learn 6. Demonstrate machine learning model development on text data and structured datasets 7. Demonstrate data visualization technologies and packages, such as Kibana, Bokeh, Leaflet/Folium, and Tableau 8. Demonstrate experience developing in a cloud environment, such as Amazon Web Services  Optional Requirements:  1. Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Data Science, Statistics, or a related field (list degree type and year, i.e.: BS Computer Science 2012)  2. Demonstrate professional experience with, computer networks, digital forensics, or cybersecurity topics  B4CORP Company Information  B4Corp is a small defense contracting company that focuses on providing an optimum environment for mission-focused, highly-skilled consultants to support the United States of America’s intelligence community and other defense organizations. B4Corp provides a low overhead, highly efficient, high salary environment that allows employees to excel at meeting the client’s needs. B4Corp is looking for information technology professionals that have a high sense of personal responsibility, self-motivation, and mission drive.  B4Corp’s dedication and care for its employees is reflected in the outstanding compensation and benefits B4Corp provides. Our salaries are second to none. B4Corp’s benefits reflect the company’s policy of putting the employees first. Our health insurance demonstrates this with 100% employer coverage and providing employees with a plan that has $0 copay, 0% coinsurance and an HSA that can allow employees to accrue health savings for the future. B4Corp’s maximum flexibility comp / makeup time policy, along with the company’s cafeteria-style benefit plan that allows employees to maximize their benefit dollars, reflects B4Corp’s commitment to its employees.  Compensation:  Outstanding Salaries  Retirement:  Full Vanguard 401k Plan – Featuring a full scope of investment options – 100% employer matched contribution up to 6% of employee’s salary – Ability to max out 401k savings $57k ($63.5k if over 50) Employees receive B4Corp phantom stock each year (2-year vesting period)  Insurance 100% Employer-Paid Premiums:  United Health Care Choice Plus HSA POS Gold 1500 w/HSA – Employer funded HSA to cover 100% health care deductible – Health insurance: $0 copay, $0 co-insurance. Full scope protection for you and your family! – 100% employer premium coverage for single and family Health Equity HSA – B4Corp contributes $1500.00 for single and $3000.00 for family into your Health Equity HSA to cover 100% of your health care deductible. Mutual of Omaha Dental VSP Vision Insurance Mutual of Omaha short-term disability (60% of salary up to $2,000.00/week) Mutual of Omaha long-term disability (60% of salary up to $10,000.00/month) Mutual of Omaha life insurance ($200,000.00)  Employee Referral Bonus:  Refer a friend or a coworker and receive $2,000 per year for every year the person works for B4CORP  Paid Time Off (PTO):  Seven weeks of leave per year (including ten federal holidays) Ability to purchase 2 additional weeks of vacation Flexible work schedule with comp time (with customer approval)  Tuition and Training:  Free CBTNuggets Online Training Account – More than 200 online IT courses on a large variety of topics, including networking, security, virtualization, and the cloud — from trusted vendors such as Cisco, Microsoft, and Google. – Train anytime, anywhere, and on a variety of devices – even offline! – Transcender® Practice Exams – Virtual Labs Free L inux Academy Online Training Account  Internal Tracking -PJ689
Data Scientist (Carbon and ESG Data) About usSustainaBase’s software and services are revolutionizing the way organizations reduce carbon emissions and track sustainability efforts. As we move into a low carbon economy, we help organizations understand their operations in a dynamic, future-proof way. Our team is looking for a data scientist to help seamlessly fetch and process data from a wide variety of sources in a wide variety of formats.Who We AreSustainaBase’s software and services are revolutionizing the way organizations reduce carbon emissions and track sustainability efforts. As we move into a low carbon economy, we help organizations understand their operations in a dynamic, future-proof way. Our team is looking for a data scientist to help seamlessly fetch and process data from a wide variety of sources in a wide variety of formats. Required SkillsExperience with statistical computer languages like Python and SQLExperience designing data models and architectures for data warehousesExperience implementing, deploying, and monitoring web scrape toolsExperience transforming and visualizing dataAdditional Qualifications That Are a PlusExperience with Python web scrape tools like Burp or BeautifulSoupExperience with ETL/ELT tools like Singer or DBTExperience with cloud data warehouses like BigQuery or RedshiftExperience with data cleaning or profiling tools like great expectationsAn understanding of carbon emissions and ESG reportingIdeal CandidateIs comfortable and excited to be in a lean, fast-paced environmentIs detail oriented, highly organized and thrives when it comes to planning and meeting deadlinesIs highly self-motivated and disciplined enough to work in a virtual office settingIs excellent at working with and communicating with a virtual team and has good emotional intelligenceIs proactive and willing to improve on processes and in creating feedback loopsJob Type: Full-timePay: $79,311.00 - $181,671.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Master's (Preferred)Experience:Python: 1 year (Preferred)SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
In the past four years, our client has grown over 25 times in size and has become one of the largest startups in San Diego. They’ve done some of their best work in the midst of a global pandemic and even hired over 75 new team members during the crisis.  Whether they're logging on from home or from the office, their mission remains the same: To reinvent North America’s $400-billion freight industry by relentlessly eliminating inefficiency and waste through algorithmic pooling. They are using their proprietary technology to guarantee carbon neutral shared truckload service, the faster, safer, greener — just better — way to ship.  As the first and only company in the freight space to earn a B Corp certification, they are driven to provide a net-zero shipping option that reduces our industry’s carbon footprint. Their commitment to doing the right thing doesn’t stop at the environment though; they are tackling initiatives in many areas to build an inherently sustainable business model and a high-performance, high-care culture.  Their team and their investors are extremely passionate about their pledge to use shipping as a force for good. SoftBank, Volvo Group Venture Capital, SignalFire, GLP Capital Partners, and GV (formerly Google Ventures) recently invested millions in our Series C round of funding, validating our vision to transform the freight industry.  This position is located at our client's HQ in San Diego, CA.  Job Summary  Our client looking for an experience data scientist to explore our data, engineers new features, and conduct computational experiments to prototype and incrementally develop models which drive growth and innovation across the organization (e.g. revenue, profitability, pooling outcomes) by applying advanced data science and machine learning. Data scientists at our client's organization work in close conjunction with the broader engineering organization to collect and maintain clean data and prototype / operationalize models. A successful candidate is trusted by engineers and cross-functional stakeholders alike, capable of tackling complex challenges head-on to address critical business needs. They will deliver research products that produce measurably significant impact while working both collaboratively and independently to spearhead data science projects and ferry them to swift completion.  Responsibilities  Own data science projects affecting foundational aspects of the business, including but not limited to cost estimation, customer acquisition and retention, and dynamic pricing.  Works incrementally in one week sprints to develop and guide first production-ready model to production within 5 months of start  Quantifiably estimate business impact of new data science projects  Work closely with stakeholders to obtain buy-in and develop trust in developed systems  Design, baseline, and monitor relevant KPIs and performance metrics  Provide stakeholders (both inside and outside of engineering) persistent visibility into health of production pipelines  Qualifications  Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or related, highly quantitative discipline  2 - 5 years working on data science projects, with models successfully transitioned into production in an industrial setting  Mastery of Python and common DS libraries (e.g. SciKitLearn, xgBoost, Tensorflow)  Demonstrated ability to create features that provide substantial lift to models  Knowledge of data sampling and splitting techniques  Knowledge of machine learning algorithms  Mastery of "Big Data" technologies (Spark, Kafka, Hadoop, etc.)  Mastery of common database query languages and technologies (SQL / Postgres required, Snowflake, non-relational query languages optional)  Experience with economic modeling / pricing / auctions strongly preferred  Data obsessed, with the ability to critically assess quality, reliability, relevance and availability  Ability to communicate complex technical concepts to business stakeholders in an accessible way (e.g. through use of visualizations, and audience-appropriate presentations)  Strong command of statistics and probability  Knowledge and demonstrated experience with time-series and/or temporal modeling techniques
We are seeking a Data Analyst for our trade forensics and regulatory consulting practice in Arlington, VA office to perform project‐based work involving both programmatic compliance and derivatives trading forensics. These projects range in duration from several months to several years, with project needs varying accordingly; these projects are not generally embedded with the client for any substantial time but may require substantial periodic travel. We are looking for candidates who are considering a career involving regulatory compliance within the capital markets, such as: compliance roles in banks or other financial institutions and intermediaries, work within regulator or investigative agency, or related consulting areas.  Interested candidates must submit a cover letter, resume, and transcript (official transcripts are not required). Permanent United States work authorization required.  Essential Functions and Responsibilities:   Review documents/records/data and interview client personnel  Clean, quality‐assure, summarize, and synthesize multiple data sources  Perform quantitative and/or qualitative analysis  Assist in developing client deliverables including PowerPoint presentations and  summary reports  Assist in maintaining project management artifacts  Assist in developing software (e.g., SAS macros, Python scripts, etc.) to conduct analysis  Other responsibilities assigned by senior management  Our goal is to develop our people’s range of responsibilities and depth of expertise over time. Successful candidates will be well‐suited to rapid learning, using a combination of in‐house training, self‐guided study, and on‐the‐job experiences. You will be immediately engaged in project delivery and encouraged to ask questions to accelerate your learning. The majority of training is received on the job through an apprenticeship model and continues indefinitely as we adapt to changing market and industry factors and shape our business accordingly. A motivated team member may grow into a subject matter expert in regulations and/or leading engagement and cultivating long‐term client relationships. Our goal is to develop you so that you can assume greater responsibility, positively influence those around you, and drive business growth and efficiency.   1530 Wilson Boulevard • Suite 560 • Arlington, VA • 22209  Desired Skills and Experience:  A candidate’s skills, experience, and outlook are of primary importance to us. We seek out candidates who exhibit proven drive, deep intellectual curiosity, and desire to grow personally and professionally. For this role, we are specifically seeking candidates who have the following experience and skills:  Required   A bachelor’s degree involving some level of quantitative coursework;  Capacity for meticulous, detail‐oriented work;  Strong analytical skills with ability to translate raw data into practical information;  Strong ability to problem‐solve, make sound decisions, and resolve conflict;  Strong presentation and communication skills;  Strong ability and habit of self‐directed personal development and learning;  Ability to organize and prioritize many evolving and growing responsibilities;  Proficiency in programming in any combination of SAS, JMP, Python, R, or any scripting  or compiled language; and  Proficiency in any combination of MS Excel, Tableau, MicroStrategy, or similar products;  Ability to travel up to 80% based on client requests/commitments (projects typically  require less than 10% travel).  Preferred   At least one degree that is either or both heavily quantitative (e.g., statistics, data science, predictive analytics, computer science, financial engineering, quantitative economics, etc.) or in a natural science; and   Programming experience in SAS (especially Enterprise Guide using macros or stored processes).  Monument seeks individuals that will thrive in our culture and can make a significant impact over the long term. We invest a great deal of time and training with our employees and we are looking for individuals who want to make a long‐term commitment to the company.  We offer a comprehensive benefits package, including company‐sponsored health, dental, and vision insurance; paid leave; 401(k) retirement program which the company funds generously.  Only finalists will be contacted.  1530 Wilson Boulevard • Suite 560 • Arlington, VA • 22209
Data ScientistLocation: Raritan, NJ Candidate must be open to relocate after Covid lockdownRequired Skills: Work with stakeholders throughout the Supplychain business to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.Data Preparation for various Analytical algorithmExperience in Python & Metlab program Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.Develop testing framework and test model quality.Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $100.00 - $120.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceParental leaveSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Doctorate (Preferred)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Preferred)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19Speak with the employer+91 469-300-2945
Position Overview: We are seeking a highly motivated statistician who shares our passion for innovation to join our team within the Climate Science organization. You will have the opportunity to be on the forefront of developing novel & complex integrated agronomic models for recommendations on seeds, agronomic traits, and crop protection that farmers need today. Our team has access to rich, industry-leading data sources to drive creation of predictive and prescriptive models that will shape the future of the agriculture industry. As part of our diverse, highly dynamic group, you will work side-by-side with a team of exceptional data scientists with diverse backgrounds-Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, and more-to deliver next-generation scientific breakthroughs, while fostering your career growth and development. If you are passionate about addressing feeding a growing planet sustainably, with a direct impact on farmers, the Climate Corporation would love to talk to you. We work on hard problems because we love the challenge! What You Will Do: A Statistician plays a key role in delivering innovative scientific breakthroughs by creating robust, predictive agronomic models for a variety of crops. You will work closely with interdisciplinary scientists, leveraging genetic, environmental, and farm management data to design and analyze experiments that predict crop and agronomic performance; providing personalized prescriptions for growers while developing novel analytical models and best practices for complex data analyses. Explore, munge, and model large and diverse agricultural datasets Design and prototype models based on using diverse techniques that include, but are not limited to: AI, machine learning, data mining, optimization modeling, and statistical modeling Manipulate, transform, and analyze abstract data structures Implement and test algorithms and techniques relevant to achieving project objectives Collaborate with other data scientists and engineers in developing models to diagnose and/or predict patterns of crop performance Analyze and judge the quality of data and work with the data quality team to resolve issues Select the most appropriate modeling techniques and data visualization for large datasets Assist with design of field trial protocols, statistical analysis of field trial data, and code reviews Basic Qualifications: MS in Statistics, Applied Math, Data Science, or other quantitative discipline Minimum of one year experience conducting exploratory data analysis and modeling Demonstrated ability to apply advanced statistical methodology and data science to real-world problems Demonstrated knowledge and experience manipulating and analyzing large data sets Strong analytical and quantitative problem solving skills, with demonstrated ability to build, test, and iterate on a variety of model forms Demonstrated ability to work in cross-functional environment, with strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to translate complex technical concepts across scientific and business domains Skilled in the use of Python (preferred), R, or Matlab for research Preferred Qualifications: PhD in Statistics, Applied Math, Data Science, or other quantitative discipline Experience using probabilistic programming languages, such as Tensorflow probability, Stan, Pyro, PyMC3 Experience in SQL, PySpark or SparklyR/SparkR What We Offer: Our teams are composed of industry experts, top scientists, and talented engineers. The environment is extremely engaging and fast-paced, with dozens of specialties coming together to provide the best possible products and experiences for our customers. We provide competitive salaries and some of the best perks in the industry, including: Superb medical, dental, vision, life, disability benefits, and a 401k matching program A stocked kitchen with a large assortment of snacks & drinks to get you through the day Encouragement to get out of the office and into the field with agents and farmers to see first-hand how our products are being used We take part and offer various workshops, conferences, meet-up groups, tech-talks, and hackathons to encourage participation and growth in both community involvement and career development We also hinge our cultural DNA on these five values: Inspire one another Innovate in all we do Leave a mark on the world Find the possible in the impossible Be direct and transparent Learn more about our team and our mission: The Climate Corporation - The Technology Behind Making A Difference https://youtu.be/c5TgbpE9UBI or visit https://climate.com/careers Climate aims to create a welcoming and collaborative environment for our employees in which a diverse set of perspectives and voices are represented and celebrated. As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, The Climate Corporation is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, sex (including pregnancy), protected veteran status, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, or any unlawful criterion existing under applicable federal, state, or local laws. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations@climate.com.  #LI-KM1
At Shift Technology, we're transforming insurance with AI. We help insurers fully automate more claims, deliver a great customer experience while protecting against risk and accurately identifying suspected fraud, making internal teams more effective and improving financial performance.  Since our launch in 2014 in Paris, we've raised over $320M with Tier 1 investors, opened offices in Boston, Tokyo, Singapore, London, Madrid, Mexico, Hong-Kong, and Sao Paulo, and currently work with more than 80 of the world's leading insurers. If you are excited about joining a fast-growing insurtech innovator with a passion for excellence and global culture, Shift is the place for you.  Shift Technology offers a unique opportunity to brilliant candidates to accelerate their careers in data science  Data scientists work on a broad range of subjects, acquiring a lot of technical and professional experience in data science, data engineering, coding, business understanding and client interactions; skills invaluable in any career. Our company is small enough that each person's achievements have an impact on overall performance, yet big enough to be a world leader in our domain. We are a fast growing company, the best contributors will grow to managerial or product tech lead positions much more rapidly than in bigger companies   YOUR ROLE  The data science team is in charge of technically delivering the Shift products to clients, the key role in the success of our projects with clients. It is a hands-on job, expect to be doing everything you can imagine from the technical side in an AI company:  Implementation of the data engineering, usually from client extracts to the insertion of the data in our data stores (SQL, ElasticSearch) Developing, testing, tuning models and putting them in production for tasks such as fraud detection and automation detection in complex environments. Automate key business tasks by implementing them in our production process framework in C# Conduct meetings with clients and interact with external stakeholders, whether it is direct user feedback, presenting business cases or defining the roadmap of evolutions for that client  You will actively participate in the definition and development of our suite of products on fraud detection, anti-money laundering and claim automation, working on various data types such as structured data, free text, documents and images.   WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR  As a result of the range of the role, we are looking for people with diverse skills and proficiencies to help make our customers successful.We are open to people not having exactly all of the required skills, but in each one of those they must be willing to build expertise.  As a result, we expect data scientists to be:  Code-savvy, either by having a degree in computer science and/or having developed some apps with actual users, or by willing to spend a lot of time practicing. Writing scripts for models and notebooks is not enough at Shift, we thrive on people who can write maintainable, production-quality code that will run everyday without breaking. AI-savvy, either by having a degree in machine learning and/or statistics or be looking to work on those subjects. Having a clear understanding of statistics and machine learning problems, tasks and common resolutions is important to communicate internally and explain to the client how the product is working. Client facing. You will need to be comfortable, clear and professional when talking to clients during meetings and by email. Expect to talk with a client every other day and grow your communicational and presentational skills! Business smart. We don't expect candidates to know the insurance sector, but we want people who can learn and master the business aspects of our products English speakers. We are an international company with offices in many countries and 40+ nationalities, the Shift working language is English.   EEO Statement  At Shift we thrive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce. We hire and trust people without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national or ethnic origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other non-merit criteria. Shift is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Summary Posted: Jul 14, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200241534 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there’s no telling what you could accomplish. The AI/ML - Web Answers team is redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their devices to get their questions answered. We are an R&D team pushing the limits of question answering technologies, responsible for a production service. We are part of a wider effort to power search and answers across a variety of Apple products – including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages, and more. As part of our team, you will be leveraging and improving upon the latest deep learning models in order to understand queries, rank documents, and find useful answers to users’ questions. Our team is responsible for deploying these models at scale, using the latest advances in model compression and inference-optimized hardware. Key Qualifications Experience in natural language processing Mastery of one of following languages: Python Go Java C++ Excellent interpersonal skills ability to work independently as well as in a team Excellent knowledge and good practical skills in major machine learning algorithms Excellent data analytical skills Experience with large scale search and machine learning systems is highly desired Experience with Hadoop Hive and/or Impala is a plus Strong background in algorithms and data structures Description As a member of our fast-paced group you’ll have the unique and rewarding opportunity to shape upcoming products from Apple. Our team includes a diversity of backgrounds from applied scientists with a focus in NLP to experienced distributed systems engineers. As such we are looking for candidates with applied machine learning experience and solid engineering skills. This role will have the following responsibilities: Analyzing search ranking and relevance requirements issues and opportunities Utilizing PyTorch for training deep learning models Understanding product requirements then translating them into modeling tasks and engineering tasks Building an end-to-end production service for question answering Building machine-learned models for search relevance ranking query understanding and questioning Utilizing Spark Hadoop MapReduce Hive Impala to perform distributed data processing pipelines Education & Experience MS or Ph.D in Computer Science, Machine Learning or related field
DISH is a Fortune 250 company with more than $13 billion in annual revenue that continues to redefine the communications industry. Our legacy is innovation and a willingness to challenge the status quo, including reinventing ourselves. We disrupted the pay-TV industry in the mid-90s with the launch of the DISH satellite TV service, taking on some of the largest U.S. corporations in the process, and grew to be the fourth-largest pay-TV provider. We are doing it again with the first live, internet-delivered TV service – Sling TV – that bucks traditional pay-TV norms and gives consumers a truly new way to access and watch television. Now we have our sights set on upending the wireless industry and unseating the entrenched incumbent carriers. We are driven by curiosity, pride, adventure, and a desire to win – it’s in our DNA. We’re looking for people with boundless energy, intelligence, and an overwhelming need to achieve to join our team as we embark on the next chapter of our story. Opportunity is here. We are DISH. This Data Analyst position is with the Performance Optimization team, reporting to the Customer Experience Operations (CXO) organization. This team is supporting both call center and corporate CX data initiatives through developing and maintaining recurring and ad hoc reporting using multiple database systems and Tableau. We are looking for a self-starter who will be able to handle a fast-paced environment, with often changing and competing priorities. Your typical day will consist of: Identifying outliers and root causes of problems and develop plans for improvement Using conclusions to lead other departments within the company on process improvement Performing proactive analysis for a wide variety of departments and projects Monitoring, analyzing, and reporting on customer initiatives and issues Building automated daily, weekly, and monthly reports for a variety of groups and individuals Creating complex Tableau dashboards Providing oncall support for application and database issues A successful Data Analyst will have the following: At least a BS in a quantitative field such as statistics, data science, or business analytics (MS or MBA is preferred) Experience with big data platforms (e.g. AWS, Athena, Hive) Experience with creating extracts and visualizations in Tableau Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to write reports and procedure documents Capacity to deliver a technical message to a non-technical audience Excellent quantitative and analytical abilities, with proficiency in mathematical concepts Requires oncall support for application and database issues. Compensation: $48,600.00/Yr. - $67,300.00/Yr. From versatile health perks to new career opportunities, check out our benefits on our careers website. Employment is contingent on Successful completion of a pre-employment screen, which may include a drug test.
Location:  Indianapolis, IN (must be willing to relocate following contract period)Duration:  6 months to hireAs the Associate Consultant, you will be responsible for supporting the Healthcare Consulting strategy by participating in the delivery of technology solution and healthcare improvement consulting services to our customers. The Associate Consultant will create/demonstrate customer value (at the lab and/or institutional level) to foster and support cross-franchise sales opportunities and consulting-only commercial opportunities. As a part of the routine delivery of solutions, the position will align with strategic workflow consultancy stakeholders, and local marketing and information technology teams, as assigned or required. The position will refine technology -related methods and tools used in consulting with the intent of streamlining, simplifying, and increasing the effectiveness of the consulting team. Through data analytics expertise demonstrated by the position, Healthcare Consulting will provide greater benefit and impact to customers by delivering new, actionable insights on laboratory performance and operations to customers that help solve our customer’s most pressing and unique challenges on a fee-for-service basis.Delivers data-driven, decision-making support for consultants across the various type of engagements within Healthcare Consulting, including technology placement/sales support projects and healthcare process/outcomes improvement engagements. Provides assessment and guides the acquisition/development/implementation/adoption of new technology tools to help streamline consulting activities and impact. Trains consultants and other stakeholders on the use and benefit of new technology tools. Duties are varied and complex often involving research, analysis and solution development across the various types of consulting engagements offered by Healthcare Consulting. Duties also include data analysis of customers’ system performance; measure and document laboratory floor plans; observe, time and document existing customer processes; develop and deliver customer-facing presentations; perform analytic simulations of solution performance.Bachelor’s degree in business, engineering, computer/data science, information systems.Strong background in data analyticsExperience with analytical approaches to gather actionable insights from large datasets and knowledge of the latest analytical tools is required. The successful candidate will demonstrate strong organization and analytical skills to uncover key technical, operational and strategic issues and is able to convert them into actionable insights.Healthcare background.Comfortable exploring and identifying new technology options for consulting and making recommendation of best-fit technologies that should be implemented to deliver greater value in the most efficient way.Background may include in-laboratory experience or healthcare industry experience and experience delivering and managing consulting services using Lean or similar analytical tools.Ability to help define and contribute to new business concept with RDC’s total solution, including creating and delivering professional services, generating methods and tools, etc.Whereas this position is based in Indianapolis HQ, ability to travel between 30-50% of the time on a seasonal basis (based on project assignment) is required.Advanced verbal and written communication skills to influence customer decision makers by articulating ideas and influencing others to adopt solutions. This includes the ability to credibly recommend changes to lab practices to improve waste, cost, quality, and turnaround times.Strong interpersonal skills to effectively lead manage and influence people at various organization levels internally and within the customer site.General understanding of IVD Laboratory Solutions and their workflow/functioning; within the lab and at an institutional levelJob Type: Full-timePay: From $1.00 per hourBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)CAD: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Role: Entry level Data Analytics or ETL Developer ( Only independent visa holders )  Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.   Please note, this role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*  Practice - AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics  About AI & Analytics: Artificial intelligence (AI) and the data it collects and analyzes will soon sit at the core of all intelligent, human-centric businesses. By decoding customer needs, preferences, and behaviors, our clients can understand exactly what services, products, and experiences their consumers need. Within AI & Analytics, we work to design the future—a future in which trial-and-error business decisions have been replaced by informed choices and data-supported strategies.  By applying AI and data science, we help leading companies to prototype, refine, validate, and scale their AI and analytics products and delivery models. Cognizant’s AIA practice takes insights that are buried in data, and provides businesses a clear way to transform how they source, interpret and consume their information. Our clients need flexible data structures and a streamlined data architecture that quickly turns data resources into informative, meaningful intelligence.  Role/Required Qualifications: Basic knowledge to intermediate knowledge in SQL skill  Data integration knowledge (ETL), basic programming skills (Python, Scala)  Candidates should have good attitude to learn new technology  Good problem-solving skills  Mandated to take AWS Certification after training. Cognizant will bear the certification cost  Open for relocation post pandemic  Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment.  Applicants may be required to attend interviews in person or by video conference. In addition, candidates may be required to present their current state or government issued ID during each interview.  Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 29 2021  About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.  Applicants may be required to attend interviews in person or by video conference. In addition, candidates may be required to present their current state or government issued ID during each interview. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information.
DESCRIPTION:  Somatus is on a mission to be the world's best provider of integrated care for patients with or at-risk of developing kidney disease. A core component of this mission is the effective and impactful use of data to support the care that we provide to our patients. As a Machine Learning Engineer at Somatus, you will work collaboratively with our data and technology teams to help clinical, operational, and financial partners solve advanced analytical problems. Our culture is data-driven, collaborative, results-focused, and fast-moving. If you have a passion for using data to impact the lives of patients, families, and communities, then we want to speak with you!  RESPONSIBILITIES:  Partner with data scientists, data analysts, data engineers, software developers, product managers, and clinical and operations teams to deliver data solutions that make an impact. Assist with end-to-end lifecycle for machine learning projects, including idea generation, data and feature engineering, model training, model evaluation, model testing, model deployment, model monitoring, and maintenance. Build pipelines for generating features, training and evaluating models, and deploying models into production.  Perform exploratory data analysis and use unsupervised learning techniques to test hypotheses and uncover meaningful insights. Advise stakeholders on experimentation best practices and help design and implement A/B/n testing as needed. Stay current with trends and developments in the machine learning, data science, and healthcare technology communities.  BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:  Bachelor's Degree with 2 or more years of experience in a data science-related role, or Master's with 1 or more years of experience in a data-science related role, or PhD At least 1 year of experience with Python At least 1 year of experience with developing and deploying machine learning models At least 1 year of experience with relational databases and SQL General understanding of software engineering best practices and software development lifecycle Familiarity with Git and issue tracking tools such as JIRA Familiarity with Linux and CLI  PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:  Degree in a STEM or similarly quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Physical Sciences, Operations Research, or Economics Experience with Natural Language Processing Experience with cloud infrastructure (Azure, AWS, or GCP) Experience with Docker Experience in building APIs Experience in healthcare industry and knowledge of medical coding systems  OTHER DUTIES: Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Somatus, Inc. provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law. Further, the company takes affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed, and employees are treated during employment without regard to any of these characteristics. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated.
Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game. Who are we looking for We are looking for a Data Scientist, Search Modeling to join the Search Sciences Team at Nike is a rapidly growing data science and machine learning team specializing in building the core models to power search on Nike.com and in the Nike app. Search at Nike covers both the traditional search space of query intent, ranking, etc, and also covers the emerging ability of ML to help with inventory management. Models in this space provide a portal into Nike’s portfolio for Athletes* in dozens of countries and subsequently generate billions of dollars in revenue. Efficiency improvements in more accurate search for customers and better aligned inventory to meet customer demand will have a substantial impact across the business. The opportunity to improve Nike’s current search functionality for customers and link insights back to the supply chain is vast. To move quickly and thoughtfully, this team will balance off the shelf solutions with custom model development and develop a framework for balancing the multiple objectives of search. This team has openings for senior and junior roles in Search Modeling, Search Measurement, and Search Integration. What will you work on In this role, you will… Work with data from language models, image processing, inventory performance, and customer preferences to create core search models. Research options for integrating, maintaining, and customizing pretrained models for improving the processing of search queries. Help balance providing the fastest search results to our customers with exploring the performance of new inventory. Identify and advocate for the team to work on areas of novel interest and impact for search in the context of managing a two sided marketplace between customers and inventory. Help design long term strategies for steadily improving the search experience for customers and building a competitive advantage in managing inventory in a search context. What you bring Experience with in production ML systems Proficient in Python Experience with one of recommender systems, multi-objective optimization, inventory management, search, or product search preferred Experience working in complex code environments with multiple repos and collaborating with operations teams to deploy models preferred Experience setting team standards of development for code or analysis preferred  NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world. NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. The people here at Apple don’t just craft products - they build the kind of wonder thatʼs revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it.Are you interested in being part of a team that continues to innovate the way people and machines interact? The launch of Siri was a defining moment in the history of Artificial Intelligence. Siri offers a faster, easier way to get things done on your Apple devices, even before you ask. Millions of people now use Siri to send messages, play their favorite song or even take a selfie. The AI/ML team is passionate about technology with a focus on enriching the customer experience. We are looking for a motivated Annotation Analyst that demonstrates active listening, integrity, acute attention to detail, and is passionate about impacting our customer's experience.Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.This position will be based out of the Apple corporate campus in San Diego, CA.Key Qualifications:Fluency in the Hebrew language with excellent comprehension, grammar and proofreading skillsExcellent English reading comprehension and writing skillsHighly organized with strong attention to detailExcellent active listening skills with the ability to understand verbal nuancesUnderstanding of the regions and cultural variations where Hebrew is spokenDemonstrates attention to detail and critical thinking skills in evaluation of Siri’s language usage and dialectAbility to independently navigate systems and toolsDemonstrates integrity and focuses on customer privacyExperience in content review or a similar environment, prior testing experience preferredDemonstrates flexibility and adaptability to changing work-flows and responsibilitiesGrows with a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomedExcels at working independently to make timely decisions and take appropriate actionsExperience as an end user of Siri, similar Intelligent Personal Assistants, or other AISuccessfully meets or exceeds targets, working within tight deadlinesAbility to identify business process solutions that increase efficienciesAbility to maintain focus and aim for high results through large volumes of tasksDescription:Our team is comprised of very talented individuals, who are passionate about AI/ML and ensuring Apple services are at their best. As part of the Annotation Team you'll play a central role in enhancing the user experience. We work in a fast paced, dynamic, technology focused environment.As an Annotation Analyst, you'll listen and transcribe audio files and evaluate Siri’s response and language usage, from customers who have opted in to the grading program. You'll use your language and cultural knowledge, along with analytical skills, to evaluate responses against guidelines. Your flexibility and the ability to prioritize tasks is essential. We focus on the user experience, thinking creatively on how customers use Siri and use this knowledge for improvements.Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us build the ideas that move all of us forward. We'll train you to be an expert in understanding, supporting and improving the customer experience. This position comes with competitive pay, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, and employee discount.We are seeking applicants with fluency in the Hebrew language.Educational & Experience: Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience preferred.Additional Requirements:Ability to work Monday- Friday from 9:00am-6:00pm local time; with scheduling and work flexibility based on business needsPositions with language skills require strong grammar and cultural awarenessSuccessful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background checkSuccessful completion of initial training and certification testingJob Type: Full-timeWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Statistical Programmers Are you a Statistical Programmer eager to apply your knowledge and skills in a truly meaningful setting? Would you like to play a key role the development of medicines to patients? Regardless of your experience level, we may have an opportunity for you! We are offering Statistical Programmer roles at several different levels – including Leadership. Our Late RIA Biometrics team is dedicated to the development of innovative treatment of Respiratory, Inflammation and Autoimmunity (RIA) diseases. You will join a global, diverse and cross-functional environment where you will get personal and professional development. You will be located in Gaithersburg, MD (US). In this role, we will give you the chance to utilize your statistical programming expertise in analysis and reporting of clinical trial programs; submission and defense of regulatory filings and the generation of evidence to support product commercialization and reimbursement. Main Duties and Responsibilities Depending on your previous experience and education, you will use and develop your programmer know-how in a data driven environment. You may already be equipped to lead programmer employees, either by technical leadership or line management. We offer a role suited for your competence. Your responsibilities will include: Statistical programming deliverables for regulatory submissions, including specification and delivery of integrated databases, outputs and response to regulatory questions; commercialisation and reimbursements Delivery of the Clinical Study Report (CSR), Study Data Tabulation Model (SDTM)/Analysis Data Model (ADaM) databases and Tables, Figures and Listings (TFL) outputs through both internal and external delivery models, following applicable data standards and regulations Statistical programming contribution to Development Safety Update Reports (DSUR), Periodic Benefit-Risk Evaluation Report (PBRER), Investigators brochures (IB) Contribute to or lead the statistical programming thinking, analysis and reporting to relevant groups in product and study teams Development of standard methodology to improve quality, efficiency and effectiveness Essential Requirements You are focused on solving challenging problems through collaboration and partnerships. You are an expert in your field, or aspire to be an expert, and you know that the best results are achieved by utilizing the strengths of every individual. You have a degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Life Sciences or similar area You have advanced SAS Programming and CDISC standards knowledge You possess excellent interpersonal skills We would like to know more about you. If you are interested, apply now! AZRespi #GMD
Company Overview  Fractal Analytics is a strategic AI partner to Fortune 500 companies with a vision to power every human decision in the enterprise. Fractal is building a world where individual choices, freedom, and diversity are the greatest assets. An ecosystem where human imagination is at the heart of every decision. Where no possibility is written off, only challenged to get better. We believe that a true Fractalite is the one who empowers imagination with intelligence.  Position Overview  Fractal is looking for a proactive and driven Consultant to join our Decision Science Consulting team for a remote position. In this role, you will play a vital role as the client and team lead with hands-on involvement in project management, business interpretation and application of solutions, client communication, insights/results delivery.  This is a perfect opportunity for someone, who is looking to combine best-in-class analytics skills with strong problem-solving and communication abilities to perform analytical work to help clients solve strategic, tactical, and operational business problems.  Responsibilities:  Work with various teams with minimal supervision Drive decision making by conducting data wrangling, designing statistical models, and developing dashboards Work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with both virtual and face-to-face interactions utilizing structured approaches to solving problems, managing risks, and documenting assumptions Work Execute quantitative data analyses that translates into actionable insights for the broader team  Qualifications:  1-3 years of relevant work experience with Analytics project(s) Experience/Ability to work with various teams with minimal supervision Excellent communication and presentation skills are must Advanced knowledge of SQL is required. Experience with one of modeling languages, like Python or R is required Knowledge of Statistics is needed Experience in/ Knowledge of Insurance industry is a must Hands-on experience in one, or more of the following is strongly preferred: predictive modeling, churn analysis, time series forecasting, recommender systems, market basket analysis, segmentation  Education  Bachelors or equivalent experience in statistics, computer science, engineering, informatics, data science, or related field; additional business degree is a plus  Fractal Analytics provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
What You Will Do The Space Science and Applications group (ISR-1) in the Intelligence and Space Research (ISR) division leads a variety of civilian and defense-related programs sponsored by NASA, DOE, DOD and other US agencies ( space.lanl.gov ). In support of these missions, we develop space-based charged particle, x-ray, gamma-ray, and neutron detectors to measure natural and artificial radiation in space. We additionally to monitor the space radiation environment for space and ground asset predictive warnings. We have an international reputation in the data analysis, simulation, and modeling of the natural space environment. ISR-1 is engaged in a number of pioneering basic-science missions which include: · Magnetospheric and heliospheric physics · Solar-terrestrial interactions · Planetary exploration · Gamma-ray astrophysics · Space situational awareness These studies greatly enhance our research and contribute to our technological base. ISR-1 capabilities extend from mission concept to design and calibration, data analysis, simulation and modeling. ISR Division currently leads instruments on NASA’s IMAP, IBEX, BeamPIE, Nachos and ACE missions and the Mars Curiosity and Perseverance rovers. ISR also flies energetic particle and x-ray sensors on all GPS satellites. As a postdoctoral researcher, you will work as part of a multi-disciplinary team in a team-based collaborative, technical research environment. Your skills and ideas will be applied to specific project goals with guidance from senior staff. Our postdocs are key collaborators in the development of innovative solutions to important technical challenges and in implementing new technology. You will also be encouraged to present research and write internal and external publications. The LANL Postdoctoral Program is a pipeline for hiring technical staff at the Laboratory, many of whom first joined LANL as postdocs.   What You Need Minimum Job Requirements: Research & Collaboration  Demonstrated experience in conducting original scientific research and working effectively on multi-disciplinary teams. Communication  Good interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. Education/Experience  Requires a Ph.D. in a field relevant to Space Science, completed within the past five years, or soon to be completed. Examples include but are not limited to degrees in: physics or engineering, space science, astrophysics, etc. Desired Qualifications: Technical Experience/Expertise  Experience or expertise in any of the following areas: Data analysis from past or current magnetospheric, planetary, or heliospheric missions Modeling of magnetospheres, natural and man-made radiation belts, space weather, or heliospheric environments Design and development of advanced space instruments for the detection of space plasmas, energetic particles, or neutral particles Work in instrument calibration facilities, atomic beam lines, or plasma generators Special Note to Applicants: Along with your resume and transcript, please include a detailed cover letter describing your research interests and explaining how you meet each of the minimum requirements and any of the desired qualifications.   Where You Will Work Located in beautiful northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. Our generous benefits package includes: § PPO or High Deductible medical insurance with the same large nationwide network § Dental and vision insurance § Free basic life and disability insurance § Paid maternity and parental leave § Award-winning 401(k) (6% matching plus 3.5% annually) § Learning opportunities and tuition assistance § Flexible schedules and time off (paid sick, vacation, and holidays) § Onsite gyms and wellness programs § Extensive relocation packages (outside a 50 mile radius)   Additional Details Position does not require a security clearance or U.S. citizenship. Candidates who have the ability to obtain a DOE “Q” clearance will have more opportunities. To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age and is required to have U.S. citizenship except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information. Appointments are for two years, renewable for a third year. Competitive salaries are based on the date the PhD degree requirements were completed or the degree was awarded. On the anniversary of these dates, salaries are automatically adjusted to the next higher level. For more information see our Postdoc Salary Guidelines, https://www.lanl.gov/careers/career-options/postdoctoral-research/postdoc-program/postdoc-salary-guidelines.php New-Employment Drug Test: The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing. Equal Opportunity: Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call 1-505-665-4444 option 1.     Appointment Type Postdoc   Postdoc
DescriptionAbbyson is looking for a dynamic individual to join as the E-Commerce Account Analyst for a major account within our Sales Department. The Account Analyst will report directly to the Operations Manager with a dotted line to the Account Supply Chain Manager, providing reporting and operational insights to optimize and grow the business. The ideal candidate will also support the Director and Account Managers by utilizing strategic thinking and data to empower the team to make decisions that support revenue growth.Core ResponsibilitiesCross-Functional Communication and CollaborationReporting and Data AnalysisAccount Operational SupportEssential FunctionsReporting and Data Analysiso Account KPI reporting:· Historical and real-time sales performance· Marketing vehicle performance and ROI analysis· Product and category scorecards (sales, margins, returns and reviews)· Sales forecastingo Product pricing, margin analysis and item agreementso Account expense tracking and reviewAccount Operational Supporto Inventory feed and SKU managemento Order status reporting and reviewo Create product administrative builds & purchase requestso Facilitate product compliance registrationo Import Deduction review and approval managemento Shipping and other KPI reportingo Special projects as needed to support the accountCross-Functional Communication and Collaborationo Participates in team and cross-departmental meetings as neededo Prepares data and reporting to support internal and buyer presentationso Works with account Director and team Managers to assist in data-driven decisionsJob RequirementsBachelor’s Degree in Business Analytics or related field5-7 years e-commerce or D2C sales reporting required; Home Furnishings industry a plusExcellent proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Pivot Tables and data analysis requiredExperience with data bases / CRMs; Sales Pad and Power BI a plusSupply Chain operations and/or Manufacturing experience preferredExperience with Order Fulfillment and / or Order ManagementInventory flow reporting and analysisExperience with Pricing and Margin AnalysisIdeal SkillsTeamwork and collaborationStrong communication skillsCritical thinking and creative problem solvingAttention to detailOpenness to feedbackSelf-motivated with positive attitudeEagerness to learnAbility to work in a fast-paced environmentThe above is intended to describe the general content of and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or physical requirements. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Abbyson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Abbyson complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company operates. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Microsoft Excel: 1 year (Preferred)Financial Services: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Summary Posted: Aug 4, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200246597 With hundreds of millions of users and billions of messages typed every day, Apple’s software keyboard is among the most frequently used software on the planet. At Apple, you have an opportunity to shape the user experience for digital communication by helping build the software that powers on-device text input. The Input Experience NLP team builds the intelligent typing engine, language models behind features like autocorrection, predictive typing, spellchecking and handwriting recognition, and NLP technologies that are used for internal apps and third-party apps via the public Natural Language framework. Our vision is that anyone can pick up an Apple device and easily compose a message in the language of their choice and method of their choosing. We are looking for a creative and hardworking computational linguist to develop on-device text input features on iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS. Key Qualifications Experience with natural language processing and modeling of linguistic processes Proficient at writing Python scripts for processing and analyzing linguistic data Detailed approach to handling large datasets, including ability to identify edge-cases Familiar with internationalization & Unicode Have a detailed and strong quality focus Excellent problem solving, critical thinking and interpersonal skills Fluency in a non-English language Description As a member of the team, you will work with machine learning, data science and software engineering professionals to design systems and features for advancing text input on Apple’s platforms. You will work on improving our linguistic data processing pipelines for text input technologies to expand language support and enhance the user experience. You will analyze linguistic data to identify, design and implement improvements. You will gain exposure to state-of-the-art technologies in machine learning and NLP, and your work will have a direct impact on millions of Apple’s customers. Education & Experience Bachelor or Masters Degree in Linguistics, Computational Linguistics, Language Technologies, or equivalent work experience in a related field Additional Requirements The ideal candidate will have:Passion for languages & keyboardsExperience with developing software systems that integrate machine learning modelsExperience with speech recognition or natural language processingExperience in developing software for mobile/embedded devices
The Commercial Analyst’s primary function is to create, track and analyze pricing models which supports in the delivery of revenue and volume targets while achieving higher margins simultaneously.You will be responsible for the day to day management of maintaining price lists, benchmarking against competitors, reviewing price quotes, generating pricing reports on sales revenue and preparing revenue forecasts and budgets for internal and external stakeholders.The role is also responsible for producing statistical reports from various sources for key partner relationships.Responsibilities: Manage and report on pricing in a timely manner with internal dataAnalyze past and current trends in the market to ensure PCS is maximizing device valuesCreate and review dashboards and reports to identify market movementsSupport all pricing reports and analysisMonitor pricing performance on a daily basis across the PCS portfolioExperience with visualization of pricing methodologyManage daily acquisition pricesAnalysis of sale and market dataProvide input to company strategy and campaign development when requiredAssist the development of key partner campaigns and support new business developmentSupport Ad Hoc requests for information, forecasts and market intelligenceReview and develop pricing process and proceduresAnalysis of competitors across various markets, analysing trends and providing updates to management teamRequirements: Advanced Microsoft Excel skillsMotivated to work independently with minimum of direction, Self-starterExcellent numeracy and analytical skillsData analysis backgroundOrganized with extreme attention to detailSQL programming knowledgePower BI/Tableau knowledgeNetsuite experienceAbility to handle large amounts of data from our systemsCan accurately interpret and define requirementsCommunications - Superb communication (both verbal and written) and interpersonal skillsStrong presentation skillsAbility to prioritize, multi-task and cope well under pressureExperience on data modeling, data analysts and PowerPoint presentations is advantageousComfortable with data and can identify patters, edge casesBS6jr5oHifJob Type: Full-time
BS/MS in Mathematics/Statistics/CS/Data Science or related field Programming experience in a combination of SQL, Python, Spark, Scala Exposure to big data platforms such as AWS, OCI, Qubole, etc Experience accessing and querying databases for analysis Ability to perform data analysis on aggregated or summarized data outputs Ability to effectively explain insights or conclusions derived from data analysis to business leaders Experience creating data visualizations to highlight insights Innovation starts with inclusion at Oracle. We are committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people can be themselves and do their best work. Itâ€™s when everyoneâ€™s voice is heard and valued, that we are inspired to go beyond whatâ€™s been done before. Thatâ€™s why we need people with diverse backgrounds, beliefs, and abilities to help us create the future, and are proud to be an affirmative-action equal opportunity employer.  Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law.
Oxide Games is looking for an AI programmer to join our team. Want to work on a AAA game with a first party publisher? Look no further, our ideal candidate will demonstrate a passion for gaming, have a strong AI foundation, and be eager to work in a highly motivated collaborative team environment. In this role you will… Program AI for opponents NPC behaviors Work closely with design and gameplay engineers Collaborate with artists and animators What types of education and experience do you need for this role? Written or worked on AI in the gaming industry BS degree, preferably in Computer Science or related field C++ knowledge A strong team player who thrives working in a collaborative environment As a plus: Knowledge of additional programming languages Demonstrate strong math skills Knowledge of Machine Learning Experience with Flocking Algorithms Strong verbal and written communication skills Oxide is a small, growing company with room for career advancement, agency, and responsibility. You will be able to refine your AI skills along with learning Flocking. Come work closely with cutting edge technology and industry leaders, join our talented team creating strong, believable AI.
This role works hands-on with our data science and data engineering teams to: Cleanse and wrangle interaction data from our digital elearning platforms build ML models which learn from student behavior and predict learning outcomes, suggest remedial content, and provide other adaptive learning modalities evaluate performance, optimize and improve models deploy data-enabled services to live products used by millions of users contribute to research projects which extend the state of the art and evaluate efficacy of our adaptive learning solutions. Key requirements for this role: MS or PhD in Computer Science with a focus on data science or data mining strong hands-on programming skills in Python and SQL experience with standard Python data science packages (Pandas, NumPy, SciPy) and methodologies experience with Machine Learning libraries (e.g. Scikit-learn), Deep Learning (Keras, TensorFlow), NLP packages (NLTK, CoreNLP, SpaCy, Gensim) and methodologies strong understanding of data models, including highly normalized and denormalized data, and an intuitive ability to listen to and understand what the data is telling you experience building and evaluating a broad variety of supervised and unsupervised machine learning models using various techniques and optimization algorithms experience with Scala, Spark MLlib, MLflow is highly desirable experience with AWS services, including SageMaker, Comprehend, and Personalize is desirable some experience participating in research and publishing academic papers in the educational technology or data mining space is desirable passion to innovate in the adaptive learning / personalized digital learning space
ARI, part of the Holman Automotive Group and headquartered in Mt. Laurel, N.J., is a billion-dollar global vehicle fleet leasing and management company that prides itself on providing exceptional service. A recognized leader in the industry and the largest fleet management company in North America. Ranked #24 on FORTUNE magazine’s 100 “Best Places to Work” and #17 on Computerworld’s Best Places to Work in IT. ARI has more than 65 years of experience offering its employees a place where their careers and personal development can thrive.ARI is currently accepting applications for the position of Data Analyst. This is a Full Time position within ARI’s Business Intelligence and Analytics Group.Principal Purpose of Position: Participation in team initiatives as directed by the Supervisor.Completion of project portions to support Supervisor direction.Completion of stretch assignments as required by Supervisor.Capable of independently executing on all phases of a project.Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques.Identify and leverage subject matter experts and resources within other departments at ARI as necessary throughout duration of project.Engage with clients, prospects and internal stakeholders to uncover needs, challenges or goals, map out project objectives and deliverables, design custom solutions and establish timeline for project completion working primarily with ARI’s core customer base.Deriving business insight and developing recommendations by leveraging industry knowledge and experience with state-of-the-art advanced analytic and quantitative tools, modeling techniques, and data mining procedures.Produce data narratives using our analytical toolset for consumption by internal stakeholders.Develop communication that provides clear description of tools and methodologies to promote understanding among user groups.Assist in the creation of analytical models to help advance the application of data science to the fleet management industry.Facilitation of the departmental onboarding processEnhance current financial & quantitative analysis tools.Participate in and present information to clients & prospects during meetings to support ARI sales efforts.Relevant Work Experience: Minimum 12-18 months in Data Analyst I role or similar.Demonstrated experience in performing data analysis and ability to perform research using the internet, industry publications, and other research tools.Demonstrated a clear ability to drive results for internal and external clients in the area of data analytics.Ability to analyze data, draw logical conclusions and prepare and present a quality data narrative.Advanced skills in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word & PowerPoint)Advanced proficiency in Tableau, Business Objects or other business intelligence reporting tools preferred.Minimum 12-18 months experience in a professional environment.Minimum 12-18 months experience working with data and making well developed recommendations.Minimum 12-18 months experience which includes client engagement/customer service.Education and/or Training: BA/BS degree required. Preferably in the field of: Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics or Computer Science.MBA or technical Master’s in relevant field preferred.Valid Passport - Some travel may be required in Canada or US (up to 25%).Intermediate proficiency with SQL or similar preferred.Job Type: Full-timePay: $75,000.00 - $90,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftAbility to Commute/Relocate:Mount Laurel, NJ 08054: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Tableau: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
The Role As a Software Engineer within Autopilot, you will work on reinforcing, optimizing and scaling our neural network training infrastructure. The core of our self-driving capabilities consists of different neural networks that require training with large amounts of data. Robustly training jobs at scale and completing them in the shortest amount of time possible is critical to our mission. We are building out the machine learning platform that our team uses to schedule, track, and monitor their jobs, datasets and artifacts. Responsibilities Connect our machine learning code to databases, and these databases to the frontend. Our machine learning engineers and leadership use this stack to schedule, launch, monitor, track and debug experiments, jobs and models. Work on the platform of tools and infrastructure of whatever the machine learning team needs to be effective. This spans the scope from the machine learning code in Python to back-end and front-end work in JavaScript. Coordinate required hardware resources with the team managing the cluster hardware to maintain high availability. Work with the Machine Learning team directly to understand requirements and priorities. Requirements BS/MS in Computer Science or the equivalent in experience with evidence of exceptional ability. Strong understanding of JavaScript (ES6+), Python, and Linux. Experience building modern web applications using React/Redux or similar component based libraries. UI and graphic design sensibilities. Interest in machine learning, computer vision or neural networks.  Extra but not required Experience working with large computer clusters. Knowledge of machine learning, computer vision, or neural networks is a plus.
Data Miner / Data Modeler with experience in any of the following: Matlab, Objectivity, Ontology development, UML, Hyperion, or Microstratagies All candidates must be US citizens and possess or be able to obtain a Top Secret security clearance.
Job Title: Software Engineer (Machine Learning)Location: Mountain View, CAJob Type: Contract / Fulltime PermanentMust have Skills : Strong Implementation of machine learning algorithms (k-NN, Ensemble Methods; Boosting, Bagging, Support VectorMachines (SVM), Random Forests) , Deep Learning (CNN, RNN) using TensorFlow. Good Hands-on Knowledge in Python, SQL and Linux.Job Desc : Provide Support to Medium/Complex Tensorflow Issues for Internal Google Product teams.Job Types: Full-time, ContractSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Machine learning: 1 year (Required)Tensorflow: 1 year (Required)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19Speak with the employer+91 (405) 992-0205
Summary Posted: Oct 21, 2020 Role Number:200199213 We live in a mobile and device driven world, where Deep Learning technology enables a new class of applications. Are you passionate about enabling unique user experiences such as Face ID, Animoji, and AR games? Imagine the countless possibilities powered by Artificial Intelligence. In the Camera Engineering team, we are dedicated to providing hardware acceleration using the new proprietary Apple Neural Engine SOC to enable real time, low power and high performance execution of Deep Learning workloads. The Apple Neural Engine Firmware team is working on exciting technologies for future Apple products. We're looking for a driven and dedicated engineer to work on the next generation of Apple products. Key Qualifications Experience with SoC or/and GPU acceleration for AI Experience with SW/HW parallelism, and asynchronous processing Experience with embedded systems, and real time OS development Experience with low level OS/driver programming Excellent programming skills of C/C++ Excellent software design, problem solving and debugging skills Good understanding of Deep Learning workloads Excellent communication and teamwork skills Description You will implement control and manage Apple Neural Engine SoC, with an emphasis on performance and power and stability. You will add support for new hardware feature into the Apple Neural Engine firmware stack. You will run performance analysis and optimization of ML workloads running on Apple Neural Engine. You will evaluate existing hardware blocks and contribute to the definition of new hardware blocks. You will collaborate with the hardware team to review hardware specifications; in addition, you will work closely with the design and micro-architecture team to understand the functional and performance goals of the design, and design appropriate tests. You will also partner with the driver/compiler teams to integrate HW acceleration in our software stack. Education & Experience Master's degree or higher in Computer Science or equivalent field.
Summary Posted: Apr 30, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200233728 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. The people here at Apple don’t just craft products - they build the kind of wonder thatʼs revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Are you interested in being part of a team that continues to innovate the way people and machines interact? The launch of Siri was a defining moment in the history of Artificial Intelligence. Siri offers a faster, easier way to get things done on your Apple devices, even before you ask. Millions of people now use Siri to send messages, play their favorite song or even take a selfie. The AI/ML team is passionate about technology with a focus on enriching the customer experience. We are looking for a motivated Annotation Analyst that demonstrates active listening, integrity, acute attention to detail, and is passionate about impacting our customer's experience. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. This position will be based out of the corporate campus in San Diego, CA. Key Qualifications Fluency in the Chilean Spanish language with excellent comprehension, grammar and proofreading skills Excellent English reading comprehension and writing skills Highly organized with strong attention to detail Excellent active listening skills with the ability to understand verbal nuances Understanding of the regions and cultural variations where Chilean Spanish is spoken Demonstrates attention to detail and critical thinking skills in evaluation of Siri’s language usage and dialect Ability to independently navigate systems and tools Demonstrates integrity and focuses on customer privacy Experience in content review or a similar environment, prior testing experience preferred Demonstrates flexibility and adaptability to changing work-flows and responsibilities Grows with a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomed Excels at working independently to make timely decisions and take appropriate actions Experience as an end user of Siri, similar Intelligent Personal Assistants, or other AI Successfully meets or exceeds targets, working within tight deadlines Ability to identify business process solutions that increase efficiencies Ability to maintain focus and aim for high results through large volumes of tasks Description Our team is comprised of very talented individuals, who are passionate about AI/ML and ensuring Apple services are at their best. As part of the Annotation Team you'll play a central role in enhancing the user experience. We work in a fast paced, dynamic, technology focused environment. As an Annotation Analyst, you'll listen and transcribe audio files and evaluate Siri’s response and language usage, from customers who have opted in to the grading program. You'll use your language and cultural knowledge, along with analytical skills, to evaluate responses against guidelines. Your flexibility and the ability to prioritize tasks is essential. We focus on the user experience, thinking creatively on how customers use Siri and use this knowledge for improvements. Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us build the ideas that move all of us forward. We'll train you to be an expert in understanding, supporting and improving the customer experience. This position comes with competitive pay, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, and employee discount. We are seeking applicants with fluency in the Chilean Spanish language. Education & Experience Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience preferred Additional Requirements Ability to work Monday- Friday from 9:00am-6:00pm local time; with scheduling and work flexibility based on business needs Positions with language skills require strong grammar and cultural awareness Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check Successful completion of initial training and certification testing
Job Details Description Berkeley College has a diverse student population across its New York and New Jersey locations.  Engage in the classroom and reply to emails, students’ questions, etc. within 24 hours on non-holiday weekdays. Be a faculty leader in your classes. Evaluate and grade students' class work, assignments, and papers within the timeframe set forth by Berkeley policy providing effective feedback to guide student learning and success. Comply with Berkeley guidelines and expectations for quality faculty engagement online. Attend discipline specific and administrative meetings as scheduled. Support Berkeley College initiatives and departments.  Job Requirements:  A Master’s degree and other appropriate credentials, if applicable.  Proficiency in R, Python, Relational and non-relational databases, and Cloud computing with in-depth knowledge of machine learning and artificial intelligence libraries, and APIs. Demonstrated success in teaching at an institution of higher education. An ability to teach classes during the day, the evening and/or the weekend. Experience using technology and interactive electronic materials to support teaching and learning. Experience using a Learning Management System such as Canvas.  We are only accepting applications, from candidates who reside in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Florida, now and during the course of employment with Berkeley College.
Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Works independently to develop sophisticated statistical models to analyze and predict complex business outcomes. Manages projects, and provides training and guidance and assigns tasks to less experienced staff members. Focused on deployment of inventory to store and purchasing of inventory into distribution centers from vendors. Principle Duties and Responsibilities:  Builds data structures and tools using advanced statistical modeling techniques and produces innovative, exploratory data analyses from complex and high-dimensional datasets. Designs, develops, and evaluates mathematical predictive models and advanced algorithms using tools such as R. Python, SQL, SAS, etc. Generates and tests hypotheses and analyzes and interprets results of experiments. Recognizes patters, identifies opportunities, poses business questions, and makes discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement. Reports results and prepares recommendations in written, verbal and presentation form. Provides leadership to less experienced staff: includes activities such as guiding and training. Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. Category: Corporate Location: 10850 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127 Schedule: Full_time
We are a Series D company that’s on a mission to make hospitals more efficient with data science and machine learning. 110+ health systems and 400+ hospitals, across 40 states, rely on our award-winning products to increase patient access, decrease wait times, and reduce healthcare delivery costs. We have raised more than $250 million from top-tier investors such as Insight Partners and Goldman Sachs. We have been named among the top 100 AI companies in the world.*_This position can be performed remotely from anywhere in the US, regardless of any location that might be specified. This position will have job duties to cover certain requests from 9AM to 5PM Eastern Time (6AM to 2PM Pacific Time)._**_We have offices in Santa Clara, CA and Charlotte, NC for employees who prefer to work regularly or occasionally from an office._*WHAT YOU’LL DOData onboarding for new and existing customers.Acquire data from different data sources including files, database & gather and maintain data requirements.Investigate and identify issues in the data ingestion and processing- Collaborate with product team and build prototypes for analytical products.Work closely with the product and customer team to understand their analytical needs, including identifying success metrics, critical metrics and KPIs for the product and implementations, and deliver actionable insights to relevant decision-makers.Work with internal team and external customers to develop analytics for uncovering insights from data and problem-solving.Develop Tableau analytics and dashboards according to customer needs and internal requirement.Collaborate with product team and build prototypes for analytical products.Coach and be a resource for other team members.WHAT YOU’LL BRINGMinimum 1 year of experience as a data analyst or business analyst, or equivalentBachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, or a related fieldStrong knowledge of and experience with data analytics tools (Tableau, Excel), databases (SQL, Postgres, etc)Experience in PythonExcellent analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information and hypothesize ideas and prove themKeen attention to detail and accuracyStrong organization & communication skillsAdept at queries, report writing and presenting findingsBONUS POINTS IF YOU HAVEExperience working with EHRsExperience working on ETLExperience in RWHAT YOU’LL GETIntellectual and emotional satisfaction of solving tough operational problems in healthcare while improving patient access and saving lives!Competitive compensation package that includes base salary, annual bonus, and RSUs401(k) MatchComprehensive healthcare benefitsGenerous Paid Time Off and Parental LeaveMonthly reimbursement for Skill BuildingMonthly reimbursement for Wellness, Transportation, and/or Home OfficeEducation Reimbursement for select courses/programs#LI-RemoteLeanTaaS is an equal opportunity employer committed to promoting an inclusive work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We value diversity, inclusion, and aim to provide a sense of belonging for everyone. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you require assistance during the application process, please reach out to accommodations@leantaas.com. LeanTaaS will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law.Please note: LeanTaaS is not accepting agency resumes at this time, and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.Job Type: Full-time
As a member of the HR Business Management Team, this role is a high-impact role driving HR best practices across the enterprise. As the resident data analytics subject matter expert and project manager, you will manage innovative projects related to data and research that is useful and accurate to create people-related strategies across the business. The successful candidate will be an innovative and strategic manager/analyst, preferably with experience in the areas of, analytics/data science, project management and communication skills. The candidate will first seek to understand business needs and then quickly build highly productive and high-impact solutions.RequirementsIn collaboration with HR Business Management Team to support HR VP in the following strategic areas:Provide prompt and up-to-date data analytics and research with actionable insights as need arises depending on HRVP and business requirementsThis is inclusive of regular updating of the latest market trends, COVID-19 monitoring/quantitative trends, HR dashboard/scorecards and competitive landscape and environmental scan.Provide communication support through building effective and crisp PowerPoint decks and collaterals for a diverse audience from executive teams to a larger employee populationQualificationsBachelor’s Degree required, preferably with an analytics/finance/marketing-related major1-3 years of relevant experience; 2+ years of relevant analytics or management consulting or senior management communications experience preferred.Good to have: PMP or PHR or SHRM-CP certifiedKnowledge with statistics, excel, tableau, alteryx, & familiarity with Workday and Greenhouse will be a huge plus.R/Python, SQL is good to haveJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
This opportunity is located in San Diego, CA. Remote friendly during COVID-19  You can apply to the job with this email address: map_content___software_enginer_d14975b42us@ivy.greenhouse.io  Company Overview  Come join a higher calling and find a deeper purpose!  As a multi-national Artificial Intelligence Technology Company, we are at the epicenter of the Autonomous Vehicle Universe. Our breakthroughs are leading the industry in autonomous trucking.  While inventing the framework of Autonomous Driving, our current fleet of autonomous Trucks are helping communities receive much-needed supplies and medical equipment around the clock. Our people are some of the most talented engineers and contributors who are leaving behind a historic legacy.  TuSimple was founded half a decade ago with the goal of bringing the top minds in the world together to achieve the dream of a driverless truck solution. With a foundation in computer vision, algorithms, mapping, and Artificial Intelligence, TuSimple is working to create the first global commercially viable Autonomous Freight Network. HD Maps are a key component to building self-driving technology. Here in Tusimple, the Map team is responsible for developing the cutting edge algorithms to produce highly accurate, up-to-date and realistic representation of the roads. The results are a critical input to the downstream localization, perception, and planning modules.  Role Responsibilities and examples of work  Applying machine learning and computer vision techniques to generate maps from raw data Building map priors representing the static and dynamic of the road Building and maintaining efficient pipelines and reliable benchmarks for improving mapping algorithms Developing and improving internal map tools for map verification and production Scaling up mapping algorithms to support large-scale mapping  What You'll Bring:  Masters in Computer Science, Math/statistics or other related field. Product-quality code in Python and/or C++ Solid knowledge and proven practical experience in one or more of the following fields: 3D computer vision, sensor fusion, image processing, point cloud processing, and SLAM  Preferred:  1-2 years of industrial experience in computer vision working with autonomous vehicles  Perks  Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary, benefits and bonus Daily breakfast, lunch, and dinner Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company 401(K) program Company paid life insurance Company paid education/training Company paid gym membership  TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above-listed items.  Brown University, California Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University, Columbia University, Cornell University, Dartmouth College, Duke University, Georgia Institute of Technology, Harvard University, Harvey Mudd College, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, North Carolina State University, Northwestern University, Princeton University, Purdue University, Rice University, Rose - Hulman Institute of Technology, Stanford University, Tufts University, University of California â€” Berkeley, University of California â€” Los Angeles, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, University of Maryland-College Park, University of Massachusetts-Amherst, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, University of Notre Dame, University of Pennsylvania, University of Southern California, University of Texas Austin, University of Washington, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Williams College, Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI), Yale University, MIT, CMU, Waymo, Uber, Facebook, Uber, Amazon, Cruise, Tesla, Argo AI, Baidu, DIDI, Zoox, Nutonomy, Nuro, Aptiv, Pony.Ai, Kodiak, Toyota, Nissan, GM, Ford, VW, Autonomous Car, Autonomous Driving, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep learning, Perception, Prediction, Planning, Control, Anduril Industries, Sift, Nauto, Tempus, Salesforce, Automation Anywhere, SenSat, Phrasee, Defined Crowd, Pymetrics,Siemens, Socure, AEye, Rev.com, Suki.ai, Verkada, DataVisor, People.ai, AlphaSense, Icertis, Casetext, Blue River Tech, Nvidia, Bright Machines, Orbital Insight, Brighterion, H2O, Intel, Clarifa, X.ai, Zebra Medical Vision, Iris AI, Freenome, Neurala, Akamai, Zoho, ServiceNow, SalesForce, Oracle, Tableau,Splunk,Cvent, Veeam,Atlassian, DocuSign, Dropbox, Veeva Systems, Proofpoint, Cornerstone, Qualtrics. New Relic, Okta, Intralinks, MuleSoft, Freshworks, Slack, Twilio, Anaplan, Stripe, Workfront, Smartsheet, Zuora, OutSystems, Coupa, Cylance, Elastic, Zoom, SailPoint, BlackLine, iCIMS, Digitate, Qualys, Kareo, DataStax, DiscoverOrg, Siteimprove, Druva, Centrify, Looker, SimilarWeb, Odoo, Kyriba, Sumo Logic, Sisense, PagerDuty, DigitalOcean, Liquid Web, Zaloni, Databricks, ServiceTitan, Fastly, SnapLogic, Mendix, Couchbase, Egnyte, Seismic, Bill.com, Justworks, Collibra, ActiveCampaign, Schoology, SalesLoft, Cylynt,
Data Annotator II Location: Merrifield, VA About Enabled Intelligence, Inc. Enabled Intelligence, Inc. provides extremely accurate, precise and secure data labeling to help our government and commercial customers effectively deploy reliable and unbiased artificial intelligence technologies. We leverage the unique talents of veterans, people with different abilities, and subject matter experts to unlock the value of data to improve the delivery of public missions and government services, including in agriculture, economic development, education, national security, public health, and transportation. Enabled Intelligence also develops training and test data sets for clients, and overtime will develop AI models for clients. At EI we respect and celebrate individuals from all walks of life. Our diverse backgrounds, cultures, experiences, and way of thinking make us stronger together and result in the best work products. We are extremely committed to an inclusive, integrated, and welcoming environment where everyone can thrive and grow. Data Annotator II Data annotation is an essential component in training artificial intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML) algorithms. As a member of the Enabled Intelligence annotation team, you will help us collect and annotate unclassified, sensitive, and classified data for AI/ML technologies. We are looking for detail-oriented individuals who will collaborate with our team, label large amounts of data, and provide feedback to our data scientists and engineers to create high-quality labeled data sets. Joining our team means playing an integral role for the future of government AI/ML capabilities. All selected candidates will have detailed onboarding and training. Responsibilities Use advanced analytic tools to locate, label, tag and categorize various elements in large datasets Interact with data science and data engineering teams to design new features for more efficient labeling techniques Mentor junior data annotators; QA existing labels based on what you learn during your training and onboarding Gain an in-depth knowledge of using both commercial and custom data labeling software tools Keep project manager informed of platform enhancement ideas, risks, and issues Required Qualifications and Skills At least 1 year of previous work experience in a corporate office environment or equivalent military experience Prior experience with business productivity tools like GSuite, Outlook, Microsoft Office, and Slack Ability to work independently but also collaborate with a team and communicate with individuals of diverse backgrounds Ability to understand and apply guidelines for data labeling Ability to perform repetitive tasks while paying constant close attention to detail Ability to keep information confidential Deliver quality data under deadlines Ability to work in the EI office which requires compliance with our mandatory Covid-19 vaccine policy Ability to obtain a security clearance (secret or above) Desired Qualifications and Skills Prior experience in analyzing 2D and 3D images, video, audio files, and unstructured text; data labeling; and image annotation Prior experience in analysis of specific types government data (e.g., geospatial data) Previous experience working in a technical or IT position Physical Requirements Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer Background Check & Security Clearance Applicants selected will be subject to background security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; clearance may be required
Responsibilities:Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processesUndertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured dataAnalyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patternsBuild predictive models and machine-learning algorithmsCombine models through ensemble modelingPresent information using data visualization techniquesPropose solutions and strategies to business challengesCollaborate with engineering and product development teams Required Skills:Proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data AnalystExperience in data miningUnderstanding of machine-learning and operations researchKnowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an assetExperience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop)Analytical mind and business acumenStrong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra)Problem-solving aptitudeExcellent communication and presentation skillsBSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or another quantitative field is preferred.
Summary Posted: Jul 23, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200268031 The HomeKit Secure Video team is expanding on its industry leading, privacy preserving approach to computer vision in the home. We’re looking for a deep learning expert to help us build innovative new features for a billion iPhone users, using machine learning to make their lives safer and more convenient. Key Qualifications You have a proven track record of building Deep Learning models that work in the real world You have experience with deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow You are an accomplished coder in object-oriented languages, such as C++ or Objective-C You have a well-founded grasp of computer science fundamentals You thrive in a collaborative environment You have excellent interpersonal skills A real passion for product quality and attention to detail Ability to work in a rapid development cycle with tight schedules You are obsessively passionate and inquisitive, and seek to tackle everyday problems in innovative ways. Description You will be applying state of the art Machine Learning algorithms to make our products more intelligent. You'll be responsible for improving existing features and implementing new and innovative ideas for the future. Our goals are simple but the task is large; craft the most amazing computer vision home experience in the world that our customers will love. WWDC 2019: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psL_5RIBqnY&t=2563 (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psL_5RIBqnY&t=2563) Education & Experience Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent experience. Graduate CS experience appreciated.
Position Overview: The Climate Corporation's mission is, ?to help all the world's farmers sustainably increase their productivity with digital tools.? Part of this entails building models to understand and optimize crop growth. The inherent complexity of the process and the limited size and availability of agriculturally relevant datasets has hampered progress in fully understanding crop growth to date. However, as an industry leader and with access to unique and increasingly rich agricultural datasets, The Climate Corporation is positioned to make significant advances in understanding this problem. In addition to its complexity, there are a number of practical challenges to modeling crop growth. These include the heterogeneity of the data in terms of its feature modality and sampling frequency, lack of explanatory features, and unpredictable quality of the data. As a deep learning researcher at The Climate Corporation, you will have the opportunity to explore and implement solutions to these challenging problems. What You Will Do: 1) Develop novel models to solve an increasingly relevant global problem using unprecedented agricultural datasets 2) Test and develop your own creative solutions with ample computational resources 3) Collaborate with domain experts from a variety of backgrounds (e.g. breeding, agronomy, plant pathology, engineering, statistics, etc.) 4) Positively impact farmers and business applications across our suite of products Basic Qualifications 1) Masters or Ph.d. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or a related discipline with a focus on deep learning 2) Proficient in python and at least one deep learning framework (tensorflow, JAX, pytorch, etc.) 3) Experience implementing custom deep learning models 4) Demonstrable ability to apply concepts from current deep learning publications 5) Experience developing models on spatial and/or temporal datasets (e.g. using RNNs, CNNs, or attention mechanisms) Preferred Qualifications 1) Experience publishing research 2) Experience developing models using heterogeneous or multi-modal datasets 3) Strong analytical, written, and verbal communication skills o Building and training models in tensorflow o Evaluating and writing up results and interpretations of experiments o Reading research papers and implementing ideas in tensorflow MON1JP00028139
Dallas Fort Worth Data Science Instructor Jobs  With the new school year approaching, the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science instructors nationally and in Dallas Fort Worth. As an instructor who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money teaching small groups of students, choose your own hours, and truly make a difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid 2x per week. Choose to tutor as much or as little as you want. Set your own hours and schedule. Get paired with students best-suited to your teaching style and preferences (from thousands of potential clients). Tutor online (i.e. ‚Äúwork remotely‚Äù) using our purpose-built Live Learning Platform. Students can take adaptive assessments through the platform and share results to help you decide where to focus. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a instructor:  You have a friendly, approachable personality and foster engagement among students. You have subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have excellent presentation skills and work well with groups.  >Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. Through small group instruction, instructors meet with groups typically ranging between 7-9 students for a more collaborative learning experience. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right instructors in a small group setting can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.
Looking for an innovative, creative, passionate, and fun company in OC? Then, let us introduce ourselves.Our juggernaut mobile games like Solitaire, FreeCell and Spider were present on Day 1 of the App Stores and have only continued to grow. We recently topped over 400 million downloads across our portfolio of games and are hungry to continue finding new avenues for growth.  We have been voted 2015, 2016, 2017 & 2018 Best Places to Work in Orange County by the Orange County Business Journal and OC Register! Most recently, Built In LA named us 2021's Best Midsize Companies to Work For. Headquartered in Irvine, CA., our flagship game, Solitaire, was released on the day the App Store opened in 2008. Other titles include Blackjack, FreeCell, Jigsaw Puzzle and Spider Solitaire, to name a few. Our mission is to bring JOY to others one game at a time.  Position Summary  As a Data Scientist, you will support the product team with in-depth analyses related to in-game activity, user behaviors, retention, funnel and monetization analysis, and provide insights to enhance the user experience. Your work will directly influence what features are built, prioritization of the roadmap and estimate expected return on these efforts.  You will create, develop, deploy, monitor, present and maintain machine learning models, recommendation system, deep learning models and other models on real business data to support product efforts to drive user retention and in-game monetization. In addition to the product team, you will work closely with the DBAs, Marketing, and Monetization teams to create actionable insights.  What you'll be doing:  Perform preliminary data analysis using SQL query and python Create, develop, deploy, monitor and maintain data science models for various business use cases Extract valuable insights from model outputs and present visualization results to the leadership team Work with our revenue and product teams to deliver insights into user acquisition, user engagement, user retention, user performance, and more Work closely with the monetization team on continuous forecasting of various revenue models Work with the data engineering team on data definition, ETL, data ingestion, data merge, data cleaning and troubleshoot issues for very large datasets Knowledge and Experience:  Advanced degree (Master or PHD) in a quantitative field with Modeling/Data Science coursework Proficiency in Python, SQL (Optional: C++/C#, Java, R/Matlab) Experiences in several machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch and other alternatives 1-3 years of Experiences (3+ years for senior DS) in developing machine learning algorithm from scratch Able to read and fully understand average academia papers in machine learning research, or other areas such as computer vision, Natural language processing, or other related areas SQL and familiarity with relational databases, MS SQL, data transformation, data mining, and ad hoc analysis Skilled in analyzing data and drawing appropriate conclusions. Able to effectively translate statistical findings to business strategies that positively impact the business and customer. Can work with Database and Statistical applications; can automate routine procedures and create tools that increase productivity and efficiency. Ability to work productively with others in a highly collaborative manner  Why you should work for us:  Awesome Perks: free lunch, free snacks, free soda, free coffee, free trip, free dental, free vision Casually awesome workplace - yes, flip flops and shorts are pretty much an everyday thing Growth, growth, growth - we are growing and we would love for you to join us on the ride We also want to take care of our team so we've got profit sharing incentives, medical, dental (100% paid), vision (100% paid), Unlimited PTO/Vacation, life insurance (100% paid), and 401K Awesome office smack dab in the middle of OC and 2 minutes off the 5 freeway Amazing talent: We've got some heavy hitters from the industry who embody both brilliance AND humility
Who we are looking for The Vice President of Digital Product Development and Innovation, is a visionary and creative thinker who will help drive the development of new cognitive and crypto asset products that will extend State Streets businesses and introduce new innovative solutions to State Street’s clients. This role will collaborate with business and technology teams as well as directly engage with clients to research and advance innovative product solutions from concept to development. This role will focus on business development for products within the Digital Product Development and Innovation Team to further validate ideas with clients and stakeholders. This unique role requires both in-depth end user knowledge and familiarity with State Streets technology ecosystem as well as a deep appreciation and understanding of the next generation technologies and foundational steps of digital transformation initiatives. These innovative product solutions will leverage a range of different emerging technologies to create value for clients including distributed ledger technologies (Blockchain), cognitive data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence and analytics. Why this role is important to us The team you will be joining plays an important role in the overall success of the organization. Across the globe, institutional investors rely on us to help them manage risk, respond to challenges, and drive performance and profitability. To make that happen we need teams like yours to help navigate employees and the organization as a whole. In your role you will strive for cutting-edge solutions, that are straightforward and scalable. You will help us build resilience and execute day to day deliverables at our best. Join us if making your mark in the financial services industry from day one is a challenge you are up for. What you will be responsible for As Digital Product Development, VP you will Drives research and development of innovative new product and service solutions, with initial focus on analytics and custody including identifying and validating value propositions and define business cases for new product concepts Generates and validates new product ideas based on market research and engagement with State Street Technology , Business teams and clients as appropriate Engages with State Street clients to assess and evaluate interest in new technologies and offer solutions based on these interactions The ability to execute and influence on proposed solutions by defining business and functional requirements and then directly interfacing with technology teams to shepherd development including creating a roadmap with clear achievable milestones and realistic success criteria Conducts extensive quantitative and qualitative analyses, through industry research, partnerships and conferences to develop a strategy on the digital landscape and assess how new technologies will impact State Street Produces written insight for both senior management as well as the DPDI team, including industry speaking engagements and presentations to clients. Education & Preferred Qualifications Significant experience in client workflow and front office products, with a deep understanding of trade flow processes in listed, derivative and OTC Markets Understanding of Artificial Intelligence and its use Capital Markets especially around Front Office and Trading Significant innovative new product development solutions experience at an Exchange, ATS or ECN Experience in building and driving innovative products, including management, from ideation through to design and development Experience in business development and client engagement with a proven track record of results and execution Excellent presentation, communications and influencing skills Proven ability to build relationships with internal and external partners and stakeholders Entrepreneurial attitude, with experience in fintech or fast-paced corporate environments a plus MBA or advanced degree preferred About State Street What we do. State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation we’re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we’ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients. Work, Live and Grow. We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary in locations, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans among other perks. You’ll have access to flexible Work Program to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential. Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility. We truly believe our employees’ diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome the candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift program and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you. State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Discover more at StateStreet.com/careers
Do you enjoy design research and analytic frameworks? Use your creative and analytical skills to influence business leadership and get results. If this sounds like fun, we would love to hire someone with your skills and abilities. As a Data Scientist, you'll be using Big Data and advanced analytics to direct the engagement of our business partners. Collaborate across functional partners and senior management to achieve various project objectives. We need someone who can execute research and analytics, including data source identification, processing, model/algorithm development. Ultimately you will be turning insights into impactful recommendations which will drive business value creation! We need someone who is technically capable as a Data Scientist. You will get your hands dirty in the data, demonstrating artificial intelligence and analytic tools (R, Python, Scala, Spark, TensorFlow, Hadoop, KNIME, etc.) to unlock business building insights in our mountains of data. We are looking for you to be adept at demonstrating such technologies for solving ad hoc business problems, innovating on potential future solutions, and working with technology partners to translate your innovations into robust, scaled, analytic solutions. At P&G, Data Scientists are Business Leaders, an effective communicator, self-motivated, and able to drive insights into actions that improve P&G's business results. Your business knowledge, interpersonal and communication skills will make you thrive in a multi-functional leadership team. We desire someone who is passionate about analytics. Analytic skills are the foundation for this role. The ability to mine terabytes of data, derive meaningful insights, and then translate those insights into business improving action is essential in our work. You will need to be the primary enthusiast to the business for the power of predictive analysis and develop business cases to illustrate the potential for change in decision-making that occurs when you begin to anticipate what will happen. Qualifications  Pursuing or has graduated with a Master's degree in a quantitative field (Operation Research, Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Math, Statistics, Physics, Analytics, etc.) or have equivalent work experience Proven leadership in applying and scaling Analytic techniques to deliver meaningful insights from data (in academics or in industry) Strong written and verbal communication skills to influence others to take action Demonstrated ability to handle multiple priorities Good social skills, self-motivated, dynamic and can-do attitude Strong enthusiasm and curiosity about the intersection of business and technology Preferred Experience in disrupting current business practices in CPG or related industries to help crafting a new go-to market models Preferred Experience with Analytical Tools/Applications including: Unix/Linux Big Data Ecosystem: Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce, SQL, HIV Scientific Computing: R, Python, C++, Java, Scala, etc. High-Performance Parallel and Distributing Computing Deep Learning frameworks: Keras, Tensorflow Data Visualization Data Management Systems Business Intelligence tools: such as KNIME, Tableau We are committed to providing equal opportunities in employment. We value diversity and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. All will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor. Immigration sponsorship is not available for this position, except in rare situations based on Procter & Gamble's sole discretion. Applicants for U.S. based positions are eligible to work in the U.S. without the need for current or future sponsorship. We do not sponsor for permanent residency. Any exceptions are based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual. Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law. Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. Pursuing or has graduated with a Master's degree in a quantitative field (Operation Research, Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Math, Statistics, Physics, Analytics, etc.) or have equivalent work experience Proven leadership in applying and scaling Analytic techniques to deliver meaningful insights from data (in academics or in industry) Strong written and verbal communication skills to influence others to take action Demonstrated ability to handle multiple priorities Good social skills, self-motivated, dynamic and can-do attitude Strong enthusiasm and curiosity about the intersection of business and technology Preferred Experience in disrupting current business practices in CPG or related industries to help crafting a new go-to market models Preferred Experience with Analytical Tools/Applications including: Unix/Linux Big Data Ecosystem: Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce, SQL, HIV Scientific Computing: R, Python, C++, Java, Scala, etc. High-Performance Parallel and Distributing Computing Deep Learning frameworks: Keras, Tensorflow Data Visualization Data Management Systems Business Intelligence tools: such as KNIME, Tableau We are committed to providing equal opportunities in employment. We value diversity and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. All will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor. Immigration sponsorship is not available for this position, except in rare situations based on Procter & Gamble's sole discretion. Applicants for U.S. based positions are eligible to work in the U.S. without the need for current or future sponsorship. We do not sponsor for permanent residency. Any exceptions are based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual. Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law. Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
About New York City Cyber Command New York City Cyber Command (NYC3) is committed to protecting City systems that provide vital services to New Yorkers from cyber threats, and helping residents become safer in their digital lives.   As the organization defending the largest municipality in the country, NYC3 is charged with directing citywide incident response, setting citywide cybersecurity policies and standards and working with city agencies to strengthen their cyber defenses.   Job Description We are seeking a motivated, data focused, entry level Associate Data Engineer to join our Data Science Team. Our Data Science Team strives to make security data a strategic asset by providing a platform to structure, manage, integrate, control, analyze, and support threat management activities. As an entry level Software Engineer, you will help build a secure, scalable, and cloud native data processing frameworks that will support NYC3’s cybersecurity mission. Your duties will include:  Developing and maintaining our data pipeline using Apache Beam, Java, Python and other data processing technologies;Identifying and implementing performance improvements across all pipelines;Engaging with data consumers and producers in order to design appropriate models to suit all needs;Maintaining information exchanges through publish, subscribe, and alert functions that enable users to send and receive critical information as required;Supporting incident management, service-level management, change management, release management, continuity management, and availability management for databases and data management systems;Administering databases and/or data management systems that allow for the secure storage, query, protection, and utilization of data. Minimum Qual Requirements  1. A baccalaureate degree, from an accredited college including or supplemented by twenty-four (24) semester credits in cyber security, network security, computer science, computer programming, computer engineering, information technology, information science, information systems management, network administration, or a pertinent scientific, technical or related area; or   2. A four-year high school diploma or its equivalent approved by a State’s department of education or a recognized accrediting organization and three years of satisfactory experience in any of the areas described in “1” above; or  3. Education and/or experience equivalent to “1” or “2”, above. College education may be substituted for up to two years of the required experience in “2” above on the basis that sixty (60) semester credits from an accredited college is equated to one year of experience. In addition, twenty-four (24) credits from an accredited college or graduate school in cyber security, network security, computer science, computer programming, computer engineering, information technology, information science, information systems management, network administration, or a pertinent scientific, technical or related area; or a certificate of at least 625 hours in computer programming from an accredited technical school (post high school), may be substituted for one year of experience. Preferred Skills  The preferred candidate should possess the following: A bachelor’s degree in computer science or information systems with a specialization in mathematics, number; theory, applied cryptography, or statistics or relevant experience;Experience with the Agile Development Methodology;Expert knowledge in both Java and Python; Familiarity with Unix scripting, Web development, and automated testing;Familiarity with machine learning techniques and machine learning toolkits such as R, scikit-learn, etc;Experience working with Terraform;Familiarity with the CI/CD process,At least one year professional, academic, or personal experience with software development or data engineering experience (includes internship experience);At least 1 year professional, academic, or personal experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages; preferably java or python;Familiarity with or exposure to cloud application development;Familiarity with distributed data processing frameworks. To Apply  Special Note: Taking and passing civil service exams are necessary to maintain employment with the City of New York. Please check the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) website (http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/exam_monthly.shtml) for important exam filing information. Please ensure that you are either a permanent employee in the civil service title listed on this posting, or, that you file for the examination when there is an open filing period. For more information regarding the civil service process, please visit the DCAS website at: http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/work.shtml   Interested applicants with other civil service titles who meet the preferred requirements should also submit a resume for consideration For City employees, please go to Employee Self Service (ESS), click on Recruiting Activities > Careers, and search for Job ID #445669 For all other applicants, please go to www.nyc.gov/jobs/search and search for Job ID #445669  SUBMISSION OF A RESUME IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE AN INTERVIEW APPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OVERSIGHT APPROVAL  NOTE: This position is open to qualified persons with a disability who are eligible for the 55-a Program. Please indicate in your cover letter that you would like to be considered for the position under the 55-a program.  Department of Information Technology & Telecommunications and the City of New York are equal opportunity employers.  DoITT participates in E-Verify Hours/Shift  Day - Due to the necessary technical support duties of this position in a 24/7 operation, candidate may be required to work various shifts such as weekends and/or nights/evenings. Work Location  New York, NY Residency Requirement  New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview. POSTING DATE 07/07/2021 POST UNTIL Until Filled  The City of New York is an Equal Opportunity Employer Apply for Job Careers Sign In New User Supplementary Panel Related Information  test
Raleigh-Durham Data Science Instructor Jobs  With the new school year approaching, the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science instructors nationally and in Raleigh-Durham. As an instructor who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money teaching small groups of students, choose your own hours, and truly make a difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid 2x per week. Choose to tutor as much or as little as you want. Set your own hours and schedule. Get paired with students best-suited to your teaching style and preferences (from thousands of potential clients). Tutor online (i.e. ‚Äúwork remotely‚Äù) using our purpose-built Live Learning Platform. Students can take adaptive assessments through the platform and share results to help you decide where to focus. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a instructor:  You have a friendly, approachable personality and foster engagement among students. You have subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have excellent presentation skills and work well with groups.  >Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. Through small group instruction, instructors meet with groups typically ranging between 7-9 students for a more collaborative learning experience. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right instructors in a small group setting can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.
Summary Posted: Jul 16, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200222095 Work on a diverse team as an engineer whose passion is making the best Siri user interface for millions of iPhone, iPad, and Mac users. Interact with a community of designers and artists improving the world’s most popular digital assistant. Collaborate with teams across machine learning, artificial intelligence, and voice recognition to build delightful user experiences. Grow, learn, and create with the best engineers in the world. Key Qualifications Passion for great user experience Solid understanding of computer science algorithms, data structures, and object-oriented programming Proficient at communicating solutions and building understanding relationships with developers and designers Ability to quickly learn and adapt to different technologies Experience writing an iOS or macOS app is a bonus Description You will be implementing features and resolving issues for Siri’s user interface on iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Collaborate with design, engineering, and product teams to share your ideas, solutions, and implementations. Learn from and contribute to code reviews with fellow developers on the team. Write tests and participate in activities to make Siri fast and reliable. Bring your unique perspective and contribute to a diverse and flexible team environment. We build our product on top of the iOS and macOS operating systems using Xcode using a combination of Objective-C and Swift. As a member of the team, you will be part of a large community of passionate engineers and experts that you can both draw from and contribute to. Be prepared to talk about how you meet the key qualifications for this position, with a focus on your experience demonstrating passion for your work, understanding technical concepts, and communicating effectively. Interviews involve writing code, discussing solutions, and provide an opportunity to ask questions as well as learn about the team’s culture and inclusive working environment. When you join the team, you will be paired with a fellow engineer who will guide you through the process of learning how to work on our codebase. You will diagnose and resolve your first issue, build relationships within the team and across Apple, and participate in the planning, scoping, and design of new features. As you gain experience in these areas, you will own meaningful parts of the code, assist others, and bring your own unique ideas to Siri and Apple products used by millions of people around the world! Education & Experience BS/MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent
We are seeking motivated Nashville based Global Analytics Associate to join the Global Analytics and Performance department. Global Analytics (GA) and Performance department is AB’s strategic provider of standardized and consistent portfolio analytics across all products in support of portfolio management, client servicing and marketing. GA & Performance  department produces analytics reports in post investment portfolio analytics including account performance, GIPS composite performance, performance attribution, risk analysis, benchmark data, and other analytical studies for  institutional, retail, and private client investors. Department covers various services in equity, fixed income, multiasset, and alternative investments. As an asset management firm that applies fundamental and quantitative research  to the investment process, our value-added scalable analytics solutions can help develop and sustain a global competitive advantage. GA & Performance department includes: Equity/Fixed Income/Multi-Asset Performance attribution and analytics Investment risk analytics The Global Analytics Associate will be trained to perform following functions: Support reporting production cycle: Monitor SLA and ensure timely delivery of standard and ad-hoc analytics reports Review/QC data to ensure accuracy of attribution reports. Quantitative Analysis of Data for ad Hoc user requests Client Serving and improve support: Support investment, marketing and sales teams by conducting pertinent research to answer inquires and providing interpretation and insights of finding Keep in close communication with users, get feedback on users’ analytical needs and requirements, work with IT on further development of products if necessary Project management – work with GA and IT teams to design the appropriate framework & infrastructure, and to participate in UAT What makes this role unique or interesting? This is a challenging position allowing an individual to learn advanced business and technical skills related to the financial industry. Being part of GA & performance teams, the candidate has an opportunity to get exposure to a variety of AB products, and many instruments.This role is on a widely diversified and knowledgeable team that works well together and takes pride in quality of its people and work. Job Qualifications:  We are seeking motivated college graduates from one of the following majors: Finance Economics Accounting Statistics/Mathematics/Physics Computer Sciences degree with data analysis/data science concentration The ideal candidate should have the following: Strong motivation to learn Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong attention to details Experience with Excel and proficiency in using SQL (or any relational databases) for data analysis are a plus. It’s an advantage to have completed one or more of the following college level courses: Investments, econometrics, microeconomy/macroeconomy, statistics.  Internship or part time experience in financial industry is a plus   Location: Nashville, TN AB is a leading global investment management firm that offers high-quality research and diversified investment services to institutional clients, individuals and private clients in major markets around the world. AB employs more than 500 investment professionals with expertise in growth equities, value equities, fixed income securities, blend strategies, and alternative investments, and, through its subsidiaries and joint ventures, operates in more than 20 countries. AB’s research disciplines include fundamental research, quantitative research, economic research and currency forecasting capabilities. Through its integrated global platform, AB is well-positioned to tailor investment solutions for its clients. AB also offers independent research, portfolio strategy and brokerage-related services to institutional investors. Nashville, Tennessee
Are you passionate about Facebook’s product, analytics and technology? The Analytics team is looking for fast-moving analytics candidates and data junkies who want to make an impact. Candidates will help own analytics for a particular product or business at Facebook and work with product managers and engineers to translate the analysis into meaningful impact to the business. Please note that candidates will have a general interview and then we will make a determination of actual team assignments. Perform large-scale data analysis and develop effective statistical models for segmentation, classification, optimization, time series, etc. Design and implement reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights Identify actionable insights, suggest recommendations and influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating results to cross-functional groups Work closely with Product or Engineering & Operations teams to proactively create rule and manage decisions Prioritize leads so that the teams work on the most valuable cases Suggest improvements in the tools and techniques to help scale the team Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related technical field Experience utilizing both qualitative analysis (e.g., content analysis, phenomenology, hypothesis testing) and quantitative analysis techniques (e.g., clustering, regression, pattern recognition, descriptive and inferential statistics) Experience in presenting qualitative and quantitative data Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment Experience as a Programmer - Python, Perl, Java, and/or C++ Experience in collaborating with individuals and organizations Internship experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
A company in Southwest Wisconsin is in need of a predictive analytics leader to build both the foundation and governance for their AI/Predictive Analytics infrastructure. A prime candidate will be able to understand data science and think beyond that level to plan and lead a group to successfully implement the global vision.  Knowledge of Cloud infrastructure is valuable.  Understanding Data Science is beneficial.  A background is establishing Data Governance and Standards is key.  If building and establishing standards for a Predictive Analytics system is something you are skilled at, please apply to this role or contact me directly.  414-224-3378 - AJ Goodwin Technology Recruiting Manager.  Predictive Analysis, Predictive Analytics, Predictive Modeling, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Cloud Technologies, Microsoft Power BI, Data Governance, Governance, Governance Process  Technology Doesn't Change the World, People Do.®  Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.  Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, instant notifications for AI-matched jobs, and more.  Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.4429. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to contract/temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information.  © 2021 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use ( www.roberthalf.com/terms-of-use ).
Areas of expertise include: inventory and supply chain optimization, forecast modeling, user interface/user experience enhancements with automation.  Manage projects as part of larger initiatives  Provide quantitative research, modeling, analysis and support for identifying business opportunities/issues and form hypotheses  Synthesize findings, prepare presentations and assist in presenting findings to all levels of management  Support the creation of inventory, and price optimization models Identify, automate and visualize metrics to measure the success of a specific business opportunity  Act as a citizen developer supporting the creation of micro-services/applications as well as models and analytics  Create functional specifications to support models, analysis, and applications  You should be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. as well as having a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.  Do you want to be part of a culture that inspires employees to think big, perform with excellence and build incredible products? We provide the resources, inspiration and focus - if you have the passion and courage to dream big, then we want to build a better tomorrow with you.  Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every single day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest engineering problems. Basic Qualifications: Hands-on experience with data analysis, statistical, and visualization packages Experienced with the application of statistics and data-mining in business environment (trend discovery and analysis, text mining, correlation and pattern discovery, etc.) Proficiency with SQL Demonstrated examples of working with business partners to deliver a solution that meet project objectives (requirements generation, functional specification generation to project execution) Familiarity with the fundamentals of machine learning, and natural language processing Strong interpersonal communications skills (verbal, presentation and written) Strong problem solving, and project management skills Able to work closely with others in collaborative environment An understanding of traditional business intelligence and data warehousing concepts (ETL, data modeling, and reporting) Desired Skills: MA or MS degree in the following or similar fields Math, Data Science, Operations Research, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics education preferred Lean Six Sigma green or black belt preferred Knowledge of SAP ERP Systems, Applications and Processes and data constructs, as it applies to Procurement Experience with SQL, HANA Studio, Excel [Solver, PowerQuery, PowerPivot, Get & Transform], Tableau, Python, APIs, R etc) BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: job.Qualifications  Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. EXPERIENCE LEVEL: Experienced Professional
Class Features  The Data Scientist role is responsible for mining our various data sources for insights unattainable without data mining, querying, and analysis by the data scientist, and delivering that insight in summary reports, graphs, and dashboards to the Chief Technology Officer.  This role requires the data scientist to be adept at working with large datasets (millions to billions of records), understand statistical modeling, creating and documenting data-based experiments with proper controls, working with off-the-shelf Artificial Intelligence solutions (via tools like Google BigQuery and others) to generate predictions from data, and other tasks revolving around large data sets.  Duties: Work Performed  Under the general supervision of the Chief Technology Officer, this position's duties and responsibilities include: Be comfortable working directly with the City Administration and other top stakeholders throughout the city Be comfortable with rapidly changing objectives and deadlines as needed by the Chief Technology Officer Be able to summarize and simplify complex, highly technical information for the general public while maintaining factual and accurate explanations of the data and insights found Mine and analyze data from government databases to drive optimization and improvement of government processes and strategies. Deeply understand data warehousing techniques and working with off-the-shelf data warehouses Be able to create and monitor Extract, Transform, and Load jobs, either directly from SQL-based systems or indirectly from third-party APIs Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize staff and citizen experiences and other desirable high level outcomes. Work with open source data mining and analysis tools to obtain and manipulate large data sets Create custom visualizations when required by any means necessary Create presentations for stakeholders and leadership to use in communications Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.  Minimum Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications: High School Diploma or GED from an accredited institution. Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field from an accredited institution or equivalent work experience in these fields. Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SQL, etc. Experience using visualization tools or programming languages (for example D3) to tell stories using facts Candidates with experience in municipal government strongly preferred   : Normal Promotion Path Any higher class or level for which eligible and qualified.  Physical Requirements: Tasks involve the ability to exert very light physical effort in sedentary to light work, involving some reaching, handling, fingering and/or feeling of objects and materials.Tasks require perception and discrimination of visual and oral communication ability.  Work Requirements: Tasks are regularly performed without exposure to adverse environmental conditions
Job Overview   Our Services Organization is seeking a Co-op student to assist the Technical Support team with the extraction and analysis of our workforce optimization data. In this role, the Co-op will partner across the Technical Support Leadership team and with Services Operations to gather, refine, analyze, and report on internal data to enhance our workforce optimization model. If you are a metrics-drive data analyst who is excited to apply those skills in a business setting while making an immediate impact, this could be the perfect fit!   About Us   When you join iCIMS, you join the team helping global companies transform business and the world through the power of talent. Our customers do amazing things: design rocket ships, create vaccines, deliver consumer goods globally, overnight, with a smile. As the Talent Cloud company, we empower these organizations to attract, engage, hire, and advance the right talent. We’re passionate about helping companies build a diverse, winning workforce and about building our home team. We're dedicated to fostering an inclusive, purpose-driven, and innovative work environment where everyone belongs.  Responsibilities   Responsible for supporting the Director of Technical Support in an ongoing workforce optimization project Heavy reporting and analytical responsibilities to drive recommendations and analytic solutions towards moving the business forward Develop reports and/or dashboards within Excel or SFDC that provide the telemetry Service leaders need to effectively run their business Create new or adapt existing analyses and/or models in response to business requests and draw business conclusions Work with systems and projects teams to automate, maintain and improve/update existing reports and processes   Qualifications   Bachelor’s degree and/or working towards a BA/BS degree in Data Science, Analytics or related at part of Drexel Universities Co-op Program during the time of the Co-op (Fall/Winter 2021-2022), required Ability to drive business insights from large data sets Microsoft Office proficiency required, strong Excel skills required Strong interest in Customer Services and/or Partners, preferred Ideal candidates are bright, self-motivated, punctual, detail-oriented, and resourceful Excellent verbal and written communication and problem-solving skills Articulates thoughts and ideas clearly, concisely, and persuasively Strong analytical mindset and willingness to help support system enhancement projects to improve team efficiency Experience in working in SFDC, Tableau, and other quantitative tools preferred Experience in working with SQL is a plus Results orientated, high attention to detail and strong sense of urgency  EEO Statement iCIMS is a place where everyone belongs. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Our approach helps us to build a winning team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and abilities. So, regardless of how your diversity expresses itself, you can find a home here at iCIMS. We are proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, genetic information, disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you would like to request an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at careers@icims.com.  Compensation & Benefits  Preferred
More than seven billion people depend on farms for healthy and affordable food. By 2050, the global population will surpass nine billion, and farmers will need new ways to deliver on this surging demand. They'll be seeking options that both sustain the environment and help them to be economically viable, and are increasingly turning to the world's leading Farm Management Software (FMS), Granular.  As an organization, we are committed to delivering the most innovative and industry-leading digital products that our customers will love.  The Software Engineer owns the team's backend services, frontend applications, and AWS infrastructure. We're looking for someone who loves setting up and building scalable, production-quality services.  At Granular, you'll have the opportunity to work with a top-tier leadership team with proven entrepreneurial expertise to reshape the $3 trillion agriculture industry. We're growing quickly, and expanding our team. Currently, we're operating in an employee-focused response to COVID-19, with 100% remote work until it is safe to return to the office. We're looking for proactive, intellectual, and versatile individuals to join our team to improve the lives of our farmers.  What You'll Get To Do: Build Python APIs that bring our cutting-edge data science to farmers around the world Create AWS infrastructure to support those APIs and the data science tools behind them Work with designers and other engineers to build user-focused interfaces in React Show a passion for learning and developing skills, trying new technologies, and practicing solution-centric thinking Who You Will Do It With: Work with six other specialists and teams from across Granular and Granular's parent company, Corteva Agriscience Senior engineers who love collaborating on application design Passionate designers, product managers, and embedded QA specialists Who You Are: You've been a software developer for a few years and have exposure to Python or JavaScript You know how to work with databases and are excited to build scalable solutions You are looking forward to work alongside a driven team that takes ownership of the work they do You have strong communication skills, including the ability to take initiative and build deep, meaningful relationships You have a BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience Perks and Benefits: Upward mobility. We are growing and need talent who can take on increasingly challenging and rewarding roles Flexible Vacation Policy + Sick Time 10 paid company holidays per year Volunteer Time Off 401k Matching Program Employer-sponsored Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability, and Life Insurance Healthcare and Dependent Care FSA Family Parental Leave Learning Programs and Employee Development Open floor plan and dog-friendly offices when offices re-open Currently, we're operating in an employee-focused response to COVID-19, with 100% remote work. When it is safe to do so, our office hubs will be used for intentional, in-person collaboration, but we will retain a flexible work from home policy Who We Are:  Granular is Farm Management Software (FMS) that is helping thousands of farmers to build stronger farms today and steward their lands for generations to come. Granular uniquely combines an industry-leading support team with the most recommended suite of easy-to-use, powerful software to help farmers and their teams run all aspects of their farm business. From financials to agronomy to operations, farmers are now able to make data-driven decisions with greater confidence in an increasingly challenging environment.  Granular was founded in 2014 with the mission of helping farmers run more profitable and efficient businesses instead of maximizing bushels. Built as a collaboration between several of the most advanced family farms and top technology investors, including Google Ventures, Granular is widely credited for launching the first modern, built-in-the-cloud and mobile-centric FMS in 2014. In 2017, Corteva Agriscience acquired Granular to bring together the best technologists, scientists, and entrepreneurs from across the world with its global presence and deep resources to serve the needs of farmers through the transformative effects of digital technologies.  Today, our over 400 passionate employees are on a mission helping our customers solve their problems today and food demands in the future by shaping agriculture through continuous innovations in farm productivity, profitability, and environmental sustainability.  Granular is San Francisco-based, with offices worldwide. Granular is an independent, wholly-owned subsidiary of Corteva Agriscience (NYSE:CTVA), a spin-off of DowDuPontâ„¢. Learn more about our company and people at http://granular.ag/, on Twitter @GranularAg, on Instagram @Granular_Ag, or at facebook.com/GranularAgriculture/  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Position Requires a Top Secret (TS/SCI) Clearance with a Polygraph.  Estimated Salary: Position Level: Level 3 – Senior Salary Range: Up to $170,000.00 per year  B4Corp Estimated Salary Ranges: Position Level Min Salary Max Salary Level 1 – Subject Matter Expert $160,000 $215,000 Level 2 – Expert $140,000 $195,000 Level 3 – Senior $110,000 $170,000 Level 4 – Full Performance $60,000 $100,000  Mandatory Requirements:  1. Demonstrate Python development background with expertise in Python data analytics packages such as pandas, numpy, scipy, gensim, and scikit-learn 2. Demonstrate database technologies, including Elasticsearch and SQL databases 3. Demonstrate data pipelines and workflow technologies, such as Apache NiFi 4. Demonstrate task tracking and version control technology, such as GitHub and JIRA 5. Demonstrate artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies/packages, such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and scikit-learn 6. Demonstrate machine learning model development on text data and structured datasets 7. Demonstrate data visualization technologies and packages, such as Kibana, Bokeh, Leaflet/Folium, and Tableau 8. Demonstrate experience developing in a cloud environment, such as Amazon Web Services  Optional Requirements:  1. Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Data Science, Statistics, or a related field (list degree type and year, i.e.: BS Computer Science 2012)  2. Demonstrate professional experience with, computer networks, digital forensics, or cybersecurity topics  B4CORP Company Information  B4Corp is a small defense contracting company that focuses on providing an optimum environment for mission-focused, highly-skilled consultants to support the United States of America’s intelligence community and other defense organizations. B4Corp provides a low overhead, highly efficient, high salary environment that allows employees to excel at meeting the client’s needs. B4Corp is looking for information technology professionals that have a high sense of personal responsibility, self-motivation, and mission drive.  B4Corp’s dedication and care for its employees is reflected in the outstanding compensation and benefits B4Corp provides. Our salaries are second to none. B4Corp’s benefits reflect the company’s policy of putting the employees first. Our health insurance demonstrates this with 100% employer coverage and providing employees with a plan that has $0 copay, 0% coinsurance and an HSA that can allow employees to accrue health savings for the future. B4Corp’s maximum flexibility comp / makeup time policy, along with the company’s cafeteria-style benefit plan that allows employees to maximize their benefit dollars, reflects B4Corp’s commitment to its employees.  Compensation:  Outstanding Salaries  Retirement:  Full Vanguard 401k Plan – Featuring a full scope of investment options – 100% employer matched contribution up to 6% of employee’s salary – Ability to max out 401k savings $57k ($63.5k if over 50) Employees receive B4Corp phantom stock each year (2-year vesting period)  Insurance 100% Employer-Paid Premiums:  United Health Care Choice Plus HSA POS Gold 1500 w/HSA – Employer funded HSA to cover 100% health care deductible – Health insurance: $0 copay, $0 co-insurance. Full scope protection for you and your family! – 100% employer premium coverage for single and family Health Equity HSA – B4Corp contributes $1500.00 for single and $3000.00 for family into your Health Equity HSA to cover 100% of your health care deductible. Mutual of Omaha Dental VSP Vision Insurance Mutual of Omaha short-term disability (60% of salary up to $2,000.00/week) Mutual of Omaha long-term disability (60% of salary up to $10,000.00/month) Mutual of Omaha life insurance ($200,000.00)  Employee Referral Bonus:  Refer a friend or a coworker and receive $2,000 per year for every year the person works for B4CORP  Paid Time Off (PTO):  Seven weeks of leave per year (including ten federal holidays) Ability to purchase 2 additional weeks of vacation Flexible work schedule with comp time (with customer approval)  Tuition and Training:  Free CBTNuggets Online Training Account – More than 200 online IT courses on a large variety of topics, including networking, security, virtualization, and the cloud — from trusted vendors such as Cisco, Microsoft, and Google. – Train anytime, anywhere, and on a variety of devices – even offline! – Transcender® Practice Exams – Virtual Labs Free L inux Academy Online Training Account  Internal Tracking -PJ689
Data Scientist Research $120,000 - 130,000 Chicago, Illinois Are you well-versed in data science and want to work for a market-leading Analytics/Research company that is prevalent in the space? If you have a strong consultative mindset and can work in an agile environment while remaining consistent with both hands-on modeling and stakeholder engagement, then this can be the position for you! THE ROLE- Data Scientist In this capacity, you will use your experience with both marketing and digital advertising platforms to ultimately help the business understand order attribution and drive organizational marketing efforts. You will partner with multiple teams across the business cross-functionally; my client is looking for an individual who has no problem working in a collaborative and inclusive environment. Furthermore, you will be responsible for owning the measurement and modeling of attribution and campaign performance, hands-on modeling and dashboarding using SQL/R/Python, etc., and defining the strategies to improve marketing effectiveness and overall media performance. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Master's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or equivalent fields. Ample hands-on Analytics experience within a Marketing or Research environment. Experience with Deep understanding of the Data Analytics landscape, including industry trends Advanced SQL, Python (or R), and Tableau needed. Experience with market mix modeling, time series analysis, marketing attribution, lift modeling, etc. BENEFITS - Data Scientist As a Data Scientist, you can expect to earn up to $130,000 (depending on experience) + highly competitive benefits HOW TO APPLY?: Please register your interest by sending your Resume to Greffen George via the Apply link on this page KEYWORDS: Python, SQL, R, Market Research, Attribution, Marketing Effectiveness, Strategy, Insight, Analytics, Optimization, Marketing, Data Science, Time Series, MMM, Market Mix Modeling
Remote friendly during COVID-19  You can apply to the job with this email address:  c___software_engineer_cf8c8dd42@ivy.greenhouse.io  Company Overview  Come join a higher calling and find a deeper purpose!  As a multi-national Artificial Intelligence Technology Company, we are at the epicenter of the Autonomous Vehicle Universe. Our breakthroughs are leading the industry in autonomous trucking.  While inventing the framework of Autonomous Driving, our current fleet of autonomous Trucks are helping communities receive much-needed supplies and medical equipment around the clock. Our people are some of the most talented engineers and contributors who are leaving behind a historic legacy.  TuSimple was founded half a decade ago with the goal of bringing the top minds in the world together to achieve the dream of a driverless truck solution. With a foundation in computer vision, algorithms, mapping, and Artificial Intelligence, TuSimple is working to create the first global commercially viable Autonomous Freight Network  Role Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, debug, and deploy software modules in autonomous driving system, and/or in related platform and tools software. Collaborate with other team members. Responsible for integrating multiple modules and systems into one platform Developing and maintaining key integrating tools and monitoring performance  Experience & Skills Required BS, MS in Computer Science or other related fields. Deep experience developing production-quality software in C++/C in Autonomous Driving, Robotics, Internet, Telecommunication, and other technology industries. Solid understanding of object-oriented programming. Solid understanding of data structure and basic algorithms. Solid understanding of performance profiling, analysis, and optimization. Solid understanding of how an operating system works Good debugging and root cause analysis skills. Good communication skills and team collaboration.  Bonus Points  Good understanding and experience in Computer Vision, Image Processing, Deep Learning or other Algorithms. Development experience in RTOS and Linux kernel. Development experience in ROS. Development experience on ARM platforms. Good understanding and use of Docker. TuSimple Benefits 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Breakfast, lunch, and dinner served every day Full kitchens on every floor with unlimited snacks, drinks, special treats, fruits, meals, and more Stock options / equity Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget Employer-paid life insurance Employer-paid long and short disability  TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above-listed items.  This opportunity is located in San Diego, CA. Remote friendly during COVID-19  You can apply to the job with this email address:  c___software_engineer_cf8c8dd42@ivy.greenhouse.io  Brown University, California Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University, Columbia University, Cornell University, Dartmouth College, Duke University, Georgia Institute of Technology, Harvard University, Harvey Mudd College, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, North Carolina State University, Northwestern University, Princeton University, Purdue University, Rice University, Rose - Hulman Institute of Technology, Stanford University, Tufts University, University of California â€” Berkeley, University of California â€” Los Angeles, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, University of Maryland-College Park, University of Massachusetts-Amherst, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, University of Notre Dame, University of Pennsylvania, University of Southern California, University of Texas Austin, University of Washington, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Williams College, Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI), Yale University, MIT, CMU, Waymo, Uber, Facebook, Uber, Amazon, Cruise, Tesla, Argo AI, Baidu, DIDI, Zoox, Nutonomy, Nuro, Aptiv, Pony.Ai, Kodiak, Toyota, Nissan, GM, Ford, VW, Autonomous Car, Autonomous Driving, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep learning, Perception, Prediction, Planning, Control, Anduril Industries, Sift, Nauto, Tempus, Salesforce, Automation Anywhere, SenSat, Phrasee, Defined Crowd, Pymetrics,Siemens, Socure, AEye, Rev.com, Suki.ai, Verkada, DataVisor, People.ai, AlphaSense, Icertis, Casetext, Blue River Tech, Nvidia, Bright Machines, Orbital Insight, Brighterion, H2O, Intel, Clarifa, X.ai, Zebra Medical Vision, Iris AI, Freenome, Neurala, Akamai, Zoho, ServiceNow, SalesForce, Oracle, Tableau,Splunk,Cvent, Veeam,Atlassian, DocuSign, Dropbox, Veeva Systems, Proofpoint, Cornerstone, Qualtrics. New Relic, Okta, Intralinks, MuleSoft, Freshworks, Slack, Twilio, Anaplan, Stripe, Workfront, Smartsheet, Zuora, OutSystems, Coupa, Cylance, Elastic, Zoom, SailPoint, BlackLine, iCIMS, Digitate, Qualys, Kareo, DataStax, DiscoverOrg, Siteimprove, Druva, Centrify, Looker, SimilarWeb, Odoo, Kyriba, Sumo Logic, Sisense, PagerDuty, DigitalOcean, Liquid Web, Zaloni, Databricks, ServiceTitan, Fastly, SnapLogic, Mendix, Couchbase, Egnyte, Seismic, Bill.com, Justworks, Collibra, ActiveCampaign, Schoology, SalesLoft, Cylynt,
COMPANY  Join our growing team and support COTA's mission of bringing clarity to cancer care for patients, doctors, and drug developers. We are a fast-growing healthcare technology company that is pioneering the use of real-world data in oncology and we need hard working, entrepreneurial, and innovative team members to help us achieve our goals.  COTA was honored as one of FierceHealthcare's Fierce15 of 2020, a collection of 15 companies trying to change the world by changing the healthcare industry and was designated as one of the 50 fastest growing private companies by the Boston Business Journal.  LOCATION: Boston, MA / New York, NY / Remote   OVERVIEW  COTA is seeking an Analyst Associate, Analytics who is naturally curious and can employ various analytics and data science techniques to help further COTA's business goal of bringing clarity to cancer. The candidate will join the Analytics team, whose mission is to ensure delivery of data products, with quality and ensure that the data model used to deliver these products is sound. The Analytics team is also involved in bringing data into COTA, and in this regard, the candidate should be able to help with data cleanup, mapping and standardizing into a data lake or warehouse.  RESPONSIBILITIES Help deliver data products to customers. Enable the above delivery of data products to customers through new or existing data pipeline automation on Cloud Native or Cloud deployed technologies. Become the internal and external expert on COTA's data model; confidently representing our data capabilities to other teams as well as external partners. Help improve data pipeline accuracy by using data science and/or machine learning techniques. Suggest, implement, and manage priorities for improvements to COTA's data model based on business needs and client feedback. Represent the Analytics team in partnering with the operations, engineering, and clinical teams to define analytic requirements, enhance data quality. Examine analytical results for robustness, validity, and out of sample stability and present findings to various stakeholders across the organization  QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's / Master's degree in computer science or equivalent Knowledge of best practices with data wrangling/mapping/cleansing, and other state-of-the-art relevant computational techniques and processes. Strong Python data science skillset is a must. Strong SQL skillset Strong knowledge of engineering practices for development and deployment of code (version control + CI/CD) Solid foundational knowledge of descriptive and predictive statistics. Passionate about data quality and able to clearly articulate its importance to internal and external partners in specific contexts. Collaborative self-starter. COTA is a startup environment and you will be working cross-functionally daily with other data analysts / scientists, engineers, medical professionals, and business professionals. HIGHLY DESIRABLE: Research experience with oncology, genomics or bioinformatics Experience with Jupyter Notebooks, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Dask, Docker, BigQuery. Experience with Google Cloud Platform or other cloud platforms Experience with agile process and a comfort with pivots based on business direction.  PERKS for working at COTA  Working at COTA comes with many perks! At COTA, we are committed to workplace wellness and employee happiness. Some of the benefits for working full time at COTA include:  Medical / dental / vision benefits 401k / retirement Monthly commuter benefits Annual bonus Stock option grants Unlimited paid time off Paid sick time - 40 hrs/year 11 paid holidays per year Paid Parental leave - 8 weeks Company team building events Educational lunch & learns Cause-driven employees Fun and productive culture Employee-led Diversity & Inclusion committee Healthy snacks Gourmet coffee and cold brew
Company Overview WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others.  Warner Bros. has been entertaining audiences for more than 90 years through the world’s most-loved characters and franchises. Warner Bros. employs people all over the world in a wide variety of disciplines. We're always on the lookout for energetic, creative people to join our team. Business Unit Overview Warner Bros. corporate functions provide specialized knowledge and expertise to support our vast portfolio of businesses like DC Comics, Warner Bros. Pictures, Warner Bros. Television Group and Warner Bros. Consumer Products. Opportunity Overview The Job   Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Privacy Analyst- Brand Support for the Legal Privacy department.   The WarnerMedia Privacy & Data Strategy Legal Team helps drive the digital agenda for WarnerMedia, advising teams on how to use, share and protect our data to manage regulatory, brand and litigation risk across all of our products.  The Privacy Compliance Operations and Projects team is a group of privacy professionals who work alongside lawyers to deliver key projects, as well as drive privacy compliance across the enterprise.  The Privacy Brand Analyst will build on a stellar academic background, and work experience gained through internships/college placements, to develop a comprehensive knowledge of privacy and data compliance issues, support privacy operations, deliver practical advice, enable projects and implement privacy by design across the WM businesses.  Applicants to this role should expect to work collaboratively with privacy professionals, lawyers and business stakeholders on high-visibility, consumer-facing projects across WarnerMedia’s top brands, including HBO Max, CNN, DC, Wizarding World, and Warner Bros. Interactive.  The Daily   Brand Support: Asset Onboarding, Internal Privacy Inbox, Brand Requirements, Project Support, Stakeholder Management, PIAs, Comms & Training  Manage inquiries coming into internal privacy inboxes from systems owners and businesses across the enterprise Review brand privacy compliance following significant projects Work with privacy professionals and lawyers to provide expert advice and guidance to brands and data teams Make relevant guidance / training from the COE’s privacy program available to stakeholders as needed Partner with privacy professionals and attorneys to develop and deliver privacy training or communications Draft processes, procedures, documents, presentations and guidance as required Support the completion of data privacy impact assessments Support privacy project activities as needed, including the deployment of privacy compliance changes, user testing and creation of training materials  The Essentials  Demonstrable and relevant work experience gained in any of: consulting, project management, entertainment, operations, compliance beneficial BA/BS mandatory, preferred fields of study data science, technology or business Quick to learn, and interested in data privacy, projects and operations Technology savvy, with advanced MS Office skills (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, SharePoint) Strong analytical skills; able to understand and problem solve for complex issues Privacy knowledge and/or willingness and enthusiasm to dig into privacy issues High degree of accuracy and attention to detail at all times, even with the most routine tasks.  Management has the right to add or change duties and job requirements at any time.  But Wait, There’s More! The Perks  Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screeningsPaid time off every year to volunteer for eligible employeesAccess to well-being tools, resources, and freebiesAccess to in-house learning and development resourcesPart of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law. Apply Now Division Warner Bros. Entertainment Group Interests Legal/Business Affairs Location United States - California - Burbank Posted Date Aug. 03, 2021 Req Number 182637BR
Every year, we welcome thousands of university graduates from every corner of the world to join Microsoft. You bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more and when you begin your career with us, we empower you through the Microsoft Aspire Experience. Those hired into this role are invited to participate in this two-year learning and development experience where you'll build your network, cultivate intentional capabilities and gain perspective into the career opportunities across Microsoft’s many exciting businesses. We’re a company of learn-it-all’s rather than know-it-alls and our culture is centered around embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Does this sound like you? Learn more about our cultural attributes. Are you ready to join us and create the future? Come as you are, do what you love—start your journey with us today! Responsibilities As a Data Scientist, you will formulate approaches to solve problems using well-defined algorithms and data sources. You will incorporate an understanding of product functionality and customer perspective to provide context for those problems. You will use data exploration techniques to discover new questions or opportunities within your problem area and propose applicability and limitations of the data. Successful Data Scientists will interpret the results of their analysis, validate their approach, and learn to monitor, analyze, and iterate to continuously improve.  You will engage with peer stakeholders to produce clear, compelling, actionable insights that influence product and service improvements that will impact millions of customers. As a Data Scientist, you will also engage in the peer review process and act on feedback while learning innovative methods, algorithms, and tools to increase the impact and applicability of your results. Qualifications Currently pursuing or completed a PhD degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Applied Sciences like Biostatistics, Physics, Chemistry, Computational Neurology and or other quant-focused field Some Engineering experience and or project course work using large data systems on SQL, Hadoop, etc. Proficiency using one or more programming or scripting language to work with data such as: Python, Perl, or C#. Some experience and or project course work performing data analysis and applying statistics working with tools such as: Excel, R, MATLAB, AMPL, or SAS. Some experience and or project course work with product and service telemetry systems. Some A/B Testing or experimentation (this can be from conducting real life science experiments, hypothesis testing in stats etc.) Not required but ideal. Some experience or course work applying basic ML to a type of data and or used algorithms to conduct experiments on data. Machine Learning strongly encouraged. Passion to learn from your peers, manager, and other stakeholders in the Data Science domain. Ability to interact with peers and stakeholders to drive product and business impact. Strong interpersonal and communications skills. Visit our Careers FAQ Page to learn more about the interview process and answers to commonly asked questions. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
About SpruceSpruce is the platform enabling modern real estate transactions. We work with forward thinking mortgage lenders, real estate companies and investors, and we believe the future of real estate will be driven by automation, efficiency and digital experiences, and we provide the products and services necessary to make that happen.*About the job*Spruce is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join its growing Data Science team. The ideal candidate will have an interest in real estate and will thrive in a fast-paced startup environment.As a part of the Data Science team, you will help build a cutting edge platform that will define the future of real estate transactions. You’ll design, test, and improve automation and algorithms that power the industry’s most innovative process for closing real estate transactions.What you’ll doWork closely with Product, Engineering, and Operations as part of a team building the industry’s first automated title search platformDesign detailed workflows to automate processes that are currently manualCollect, prepare, and analyze data using Python and SQLDevelop predictive models using internal and 3rd party dataQA the results of production models to identify bugs and opportunities for improvement, and communicate technical requirements to our data engineersRequirementsBA or equivalent in statistics, math, economics, comp sci, or another quantitative field1-2 years working experience as an analyst or data scientistStrong SQL skills developed in a work settingFamiliarity with at least one programming language, ideally PythonKnowledge of a range of statistical modeling techniques, such as linear and logistic regression and machine learningGood communication skills and an ability to work cross functionally with non-technical colleaguesPreferred QualificationsStartup experienceFamiliarity with web scraping and APIsA background in insurance and / or real estateWe are proud of the team we’re building. We're committed to equal opportunity employment - and beyond. We believe diverse experiences and perspectives build a stronger team and a better product. We welcome fresh perspectives and challenge our own assumptions to make Spruce better. The more inclusive we are as a company, the better we can serve our customers.Job Type: Full-time
We are looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our Product. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights. In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We want to see a passion for machine-learning and research. Your goal will be to help analyze trends to help improve our processes and products. We are looking for someone to help automate tagging visual components based on use cases and relevance using machine learning techniques, build a personalization system, improve and extend the features used by our existing classifier.Responsibilities· Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques· Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems· Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis· Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner· Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performanceSkills and Qualifications· Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms· Experience with common data science toolkits· Great communication skills· Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js· Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL· Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.· Good scripting and programming skills· Data-oriented personalityJob Types: Full-time, ContractBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insuranceRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWork Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
The Challenge: Are you looking for an opportunity to develop a data platform that will have an impact on rapid exploitation and sharing of multi-INT information across the intelligence community? Solid platform development is a critical part of any program’s success and you know how to do it right – scalable design with baked in security. That’s why we need you, a developer with the skills to build a platform that will transform the integrated intelligence mission. As a data ingest developer on our team, you’ll design and develop the core data ingestion architecture and specific data source ingestion flows for our project from initial development to operational deployment. You’ll work with customers and end-users to understand their mission, current architecture, and security requirements. With a focus on the customer’s goals, you’ll build a design that will scale to meet their evolving needs. Your technical expertise will be vital as you recommend tools and capabilities based on your research of the current environment and new technology. Your design will set the standard for future development, so you’ll craft an architecture that smoothly works with existing infrastructure without compromising security. As a technical contributor, you’ll integrate and optimize multiple data flows in the system to help your customers meet their toughest challenges. This is a chance to use your deep understanding of the ingestion and transformation of Multi-INT data sources and broaden your skill set into areas like Cloud computing, large-scale data ingestion and processing, multiple data store types, including graph data, time series, spatial, and other NoSQL, high performance data streaming, data science, and supporting the integration of novel mission applications and analytics. Join us as we develop software-based solutions to make a difference for the integrated intelligence mission. Empower change with us. You Have:2+ years of experience with Java or ETL engineering1+ years of experience with working in data ingestion, processing, and distribution while also performing ETL activities using Apache NiFiExperience in developing and deploying data ingestion, processing, and distribution systems, while working with AWS technologies and pub/sub messaging technology like Apache KafkaExperience in working with IC data sets and NoSQL databases, including ElasticSearch and HBaseExperience with using the following AWS datastores: RDS Postgres, S3, or DynamoDB while working in an Agile software development practicesTop Secret clearance requiredAbility to obtain Security+ CE, SSCP, CCNA-Security, or GSEC Certification within 6 months of start date Nice If You Have:Experience with cognitive computing, data integration, data mining, Natural Language Processing, Hadoop platforms, or automating machine learning componentsExperience with data mining using current methods and toolsExperience with graph data stores, time series database, and other NoSQL technologiesKnowledge of one or more of the following: Jira, Git, Kafka, Kubernetes, Rancher, or DockerKnowledge of data science tools and their integration with big data storesKnowledge of data security policies and guidelinesTS/SCI clearance with polygraph preferredBA or BS degree preferred; MA or MS degree a plusAWS CertificationSecurity+ CE, SSCP, CCNA-Security, or GSEC Certification Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. #LI-AH1, NSG1
Duties Summary This position is located with the Agricultural Research Service, Range Management Research Unit in Las Cruces, NM.  The incumbent's assigned area of research is to develop new knowledge that improves the measurement and interpretation of rangeland conditions as a basis for decision-making in rangelands.  Responsibilities Develop new computational tools and analytical approaches to link vegetation and soil health monitoring databases to other local and cloud-based databases as well as process-modelling (e.g., plant production or soil erosion) platforms. Develop new understanding and forecasts of the response of agroecosystems to climate change, land use, and species invasions at landscape, regional, and continental scales using large datasets. Create web-based user interfaces and mobile applications to increase accessibility and utility of vegetation, soil, and environmental data for decision-making by stakeholders involved in collaborative conservation and management efforts. Prepare written work products based on research to be reviewed and/or published in professional articles, publications, and technical abstracts. Travel Required Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 15 Job family (Series) 0408 Ecology Requirements  Requirements Conditions of Employment You must be a US Citizen or US National Males born after 12/31/1959 must be Selective Service registered or exempt Subject to satisfactory adjudication of background investigation and/or fingerprint check Direct Deposit: Per Public Law 104-134 all Federal employees are required to have federal payments made by direct deposit to their financial institution. Successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit E-Verify at https://www.e-verify.gov/. Successful completion of a three year probationary period. Qualifications Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date of the announcement including specialized experience and/or education, as defined below.  Basic Requirements:  408 (Ecology) Series  Degree: biology, or a related field of science underlying ecological research that included at least 30 semester hours in basic and applied biological sciences. These hours must have included at least 9 semester hours in ecology, and 12 semester hours in physical and mathematical sciences.  Additional Requirements  In addition to meeting the basic requirements described above, applicants must also meet additional qualification requirements as stated below.  At the GS-12:  Applicants must demonstrate at least one full year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-11 grade level in the Federal service or possess a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or possess an equivalent combination of graduate level education and experience. Graduate education must be directly related to the work of the position and must have equipped applicants with the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work.  Specialized experience is experience directly related to the position to be filled. The specialized experience requirements for the GS-12 level of this position are: Experience in producing ecological or data science publications as the primary author or contributor that fill in gaps in an existing theory or framework; Experience developing information or providing technical support for the development of ecological databases and tools; Being recognized through citation as a contributor to projects, or peer-reviewed publications and papers in the identified field of research including ecological data science; Presenting information to professional societies within and outside of the organization in the area of ecological data science. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.  To further support your qualifications, it is strongly recommended that you submit a one-page abstract of your MS thesis and/or Ph.D. dissertation. Failure to do so could result in loss of your consideration/referral. Also, please submit a list of names, addresses, and phone numbers of persons familiar with your stature, contributions, recognition; any honors or awards received; memberships in professional or honor societies; invitations to make presentations at scientific/technical meetings; scientific society office and committee assignments; presentations (other than invitation); and publications. Applicants must be available to report for duty at the time a selection is made. Education Please see above for education qualification requirement information. Additional information Research scientists have open-ended promotion potential. Research accomplishments and their impact on the duties and responsibilities of positions are evaluated periodically. The grade level is limited only by the individual's demonstrated ability to perform research of recognized importance to science and technology.  Final grade level may be determined by a peer review panel.  This position requires the selectee to undergo a pre-employment check and a full background investigation. Any offer made is considered a tentative job offer pending the outcome of the pre-employment check. Retention in the position is based upon a favorable adjudication of the background investigation. The incumbent will be subject to periodic reinvestigations.  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: Federal employees are subject to prohibitions against officially dealing with outside organizations in which they have a financial interest. If hired for this position, you may be required to submit a financial disclosure report within 30 days of the effective date of your appointment and annually thereafter.  Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), Reemployment Priority List (RPL), or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP): Visit the OPM website for information on how to apply as a CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP eligible. To exercise selection priority for this vacancy, CTAP/RPL/ICTAP candidates must meet the basic eligibility requirements and all selective factors. CTAP/ICTAP candidates must be rated and determined to be well qualified (or above) based on an evaluation of the competencies listed in the How You Will Be Evaluated section. When assessed through a score-based category rating method, CTAP/ICTAP applicants must receive a rating of at least 71 out of a possible 100. Recruitment or Relocation Incentive may be authorized. Final determination to pay an incentive will be made by the hiring official at time of job offer.  This position may be eligible to telework up to four days per week, based upon the duties of the position. This position may also be eligible for flexible work arrangements as determined by agency policy and any applicable collective bargaining agreements.   How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. You will be evaluated in accordance with the category rating procedure as defined in the USDA Demonstration Project Plan. Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements established for the position will be placed in the Eligible category. Eligible applicants will be further evaluated against criteria for placement in the Quality category. This evaluation is based on the level of your experience, education, and/or training as determined by your responses to the Assessment Questionnaire. Applicants with veterans' preference are listed ahead of applicants who do not have veterans' preference within each category. Note: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities, or you may be found ineligible. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. Providing inaccurate information on Federal documents could be grounds for non-selection or disciplinary action up to including removal from the Federal service.  Clicking the link below will present a preview of the application form; i.e. the online questionnaire. The application form link below will only provide a preview and does not initiate the application process. To initiate the online application process, click the "Apply" button to the right.  To view the application form, visit:https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11160187  Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Other Drug test required No Position sensitivity and risk Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk Trust determination process Suitability/Fitness Required Documents  Required Documents The following documents are required for your applicant package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, your system failure, etc. Encrypted documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.  Resume that includes:1) personal information such as name, address, contact information; 2) education; 3) detailed work experience related to this position as described in the major duties including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; title, series, grade (if applicable); 4) other qualifications. If education is required or you are using education to qualify, you must submit a copy of your college transcripts. An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application if it includes your name and the necessary course information; however, if you are selected, you will be required to submit official transcripts prior to entering on duty. Education must have been successfully obtained from an accredited school, college or university. If any education was completed at a foreign institute, you must submit with your application evidence that the institute was appropriately accredited by an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as equivalent to U.S. education standards. There are private organizations that specialize in this evaluation and a fee is normally associated with this service. For a list of private organizations that evaluate education, visit the NACES website. All transcripts must be in English or include an English translation. If claiming veteran's preference, you must submit a DD214, Certificate of Release from Active Duty, which shows dates of service and discharge under honorable conditions.If currently on active duty you must submit a certification of expected discharge or release from active duty service under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted.Veteran's preference must be verified prior to appointment.Without this documentation, you will not receive veteran's preference and your application will be evaluated based on the material(s) submitted. If claiming 10-point veteran's preference you must provide the DD214 or certification requirements (see above bullet), plus the proof of entitlement of this preference as listed on the SF-15 Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. The SF-15 should be included but is not required. Failure to submit these documents could result in the determination that there is insufficient documentation to support your claim for 10-point preference. For more information on veterans' preference visit FEDSHIREVETS Surplus or displaced employees eligible for CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP priority must provide: proof of eligibility (RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a transfer of function or directed reassignment to another commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination), SF-50 documenting separation (as applicable), and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location with your application per 5 CFR 330.  If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits  Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL) Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee. The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Job Description:  Turing.com is looking for a Data Scientist on behalf of a fast-emerging company in consumer data privacy and event management. The company is building products to safeguard consumer data, prevent data leaks, and remediate mishandling or misuse of private data. As a selected candidate, your primary role will be to make value out of data and help the team in making smart decisions based on hidden information. The candidate will have to apply data mining techniques, monitor user data, analyze statistical data, and make quality predictions to add value to the company’s services. This is a great opportunity for someone looking to work with a fast-growing company.  Here’s everything you need to know to become a Remote Data Scientist at Turing: https://turing.com/lrw3wr  All geared up to become a Turing remote developer at a leading company? Take our exciting coding challenge: https://turing.com/8rjL9V  Job Responsibilities:  Work on data mining techniques using state-of-the-art methods Analyze statistical data and make value out of it Use machine learning techniques to build and optimize classifiers Build data models and verify data integrity Present reports and results in a clean and understandable manner Write clean, efficient, and reusable code  Job Requirements:  Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in Computer Science(or equivalent experience) Experience in a Data Scientist role Strong working knowledge of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence Good understanding of building and deploying machine learning models Experience working with large data sets Ability to proficiently analyze statistical data and create reports Excellent understanding to develop statistical and predictive models  How to Become a Turing Developer:  Create your account on https://turing.com/8rjL9V Fill in your basic information (name, number, location, previous salary, experience, etc.) Solve multiple-choice questions Schedule a technical interview Final Onboarding  This job will be open for applications until 20-05-21. Looking for more exciting job opportunities? Find more Turing US software jobs now: https://turing.com/MVWl3E  Hear from developers themselves. Read Turing.com reviews here: https://turing.com/8E1yoE
Company Description Join us and make YOUR mark on the World! Are you interested in joining some of the brightest talent in the world to strengthen the United States’ security? Come join Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) where our employees apply their expertise to create solutions for BIG ideas that make our world a better place. We are committed to a diverse and equitable workforce with an inclusive culture that values and celebrates the diversity of our people, talents, ideas, experiences, and perspectives. This is essential to innovation and creativity for continued success of the Laboratory’s mission. Job Description We have openings for Data Scientists to provide solutions for various projects. You will work in a dynamic, multidisciplinary team of independent/entrepreneurial computer scientists and engineers who research, develop, and integrate state-of-the-art algorithms, software, hardware, and computer systems solutions to challenging research and development problems. This position is in the Global Security Computing Applications Division in the Computing Directorate. In this role you will Collaborate with scientists and researchers in one or more of the following areas: data intensive applications, text processing, graph analysis, machine learning, statistical learning, information visualization, low-level data management, data integration, data streaming, scientific data mining, data fusion, massive-scale knowledge fusion using semantic graphs, database technology, programming models for scalable parallel computing, application performance modeling and analysis, scalable tool development, novel architectures (e.g., FPGAs, GPUs and embedded systems), and HPC architecture simulation and evaluation.  Work with other LLNL scientists and application developers to bring research results to practical use in LLNL programs. Assess the requirements for data sciences research from LLNL programs and external government sponsors. Carry out development of data analysis algorithms to address program and sponsor data sciences requirements.  Engage other developers frequently to share relevant knowledge, opinions, and recommendations, working to fulfill deliverables as a team. Contribute to technical solutions, participate as a member of a multidisciplinary team to analyze sponsor requirements and designs, and implement software and perform analyses to address these requirements. Develop and integrate components-such as web-based user interfaces, access control mechanisms, and commercial indexing products-for creating an operational information and knowledge discovery system. Perform other duties as assigned. Security Clearance: This position requires a Department of Energy (DOE) Q-level clearance. If you are selected, we will initiate a Federal background investigation to determine if you meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or matter. In addition, all L or Q cleared employees are subject to random drug testing. Q-level clearance requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold multiple citizenships (U.S. and another country), you may be required to renounce your non-U.S. citizenship before a DOE L or Q clearance will be processed/granted. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, or related field, or the equivalent combination of education and related experience. Fundamental knowledge of one or more of the following: high performance computing, scientific data analysis, statistical analysis, knowledge discovery, computer security, systems programming, large-scale data management, and big data technologies. Skilled in all aspects of the software project life cycle: feasibility, requirements, design, implementation, integration, test and deployment. Fundamental experience developing software with C++, C, Java, Python, R, or Matlab, software applications in Linux, UNIX, Windows environments, data analysis algorithms, data management approaches, relational databases, or machine learning algorithms. Ability to effectively handle concurrent technical tasks with conflicting priorities, to approach difficult problems with enthusiasm and creativity and to change focus when necessary, and to work independently and implement research concepts in a multi-disciplinary team environment, where commitments and deadlines are important to project success. Sufficient interpersonal skills necessary to interact with all levels of personnel. Sufficient verbal and written communication skills necessary to effectively collaborate in a team environment and present and explain technical information. Additional Information Why Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory? Included in 2021 Best Places to Work by Glassdoor! Work for a premier innovative national Laboratory Comprehensive Benefits Package Flexible schedules (*depending on project needs) Collaborative, creative, inclusive, and fun team environment Learn more about our company, selection process, position types and security clearances by visiting our Career site. Security Clearance LLNL is a Department of Energy (DOE) and National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) Laboratory. Some positions will require a DOE L or Q clearance (please reference Security Clearance requirement above). If you are selected and a clearance is required, we will initiate a Federal background investigation to determine if you meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or matter. In addition, all L or Q cleared employees are subject to random drug testing. An L or Q clearance requires U.S. citizenship. For additional information please see DOE Order 472.2. Equal Employment Opportunity LLNL is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer that values and hires a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, protected veteran status, age, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please submit a request via our online form. California Privacy Notice The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) grants privacy rights to all California residents. The law also entitles job applicants, employees, and non-employee workers to be notified of what personal information LLNL collects and for what purpose. The Employee Privacy Notice can be accessed here.
Project Description: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI & ML) continues to revolutionise the financial services industry. DXC-Luxoft's Banking and Capital Markets and Insurance team is investing in these technologies, and is actively building up a new AI, ML and Analytics Practice across a number of regions. In particular, we are looking to hire Data Scientists with experience with Financial Services and/or Fraud backgrounds, into our European practices. We are building out a large AI-based anti-fraud platform, which is provided to clients on a SaaS platform. We are expanding due to the success of the product, and the size of the client pipeline. You will be conducting analysis, design and development of AI and Machine Learning models, and POCs, and assisting to deploy these into Production. You will be working with leading financial services organizations in the region, and collaborating with other teams in our practice. We are interested in hearing from individuals with a strong Data Science, and AI & ML background. A background in financial services would be advantageous, as would experience in model deployment.  Responsibilities: You will work alongside a strong, global team of individuals with diverse backgrounds and skills in analytics, data science, software engineering and the underlying business in order to:  Analyse, design and develop AI & ML models and Proof of Concepts Identify and analyse data sources, whether internally or for clients, and perform feature engineering for integration into models Work with Development and DevOps teams where necessary, to deploy models on ML platforms into Production, and successfully realise client goals  You will assist the practice in:  Developing practice thought leadership materials, participating in pre-sales work and client work as necessary Helping to structure work, planning new analyses, translating business questions into analytical projects You will collaborate with business and technology partners to grow and develop the data science practice  Skills Required: 
The Laboratory for Applied Mathematics, Numerical Software, and Statistics (LANS) in the Mathematics and Computer Science Division at Argonne National Laboratory is seeking a postdoctoral researcher in the area of mathematical optimization and machine learning. We value and strive for diversity in backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives.   The postdoctoral researcher will work with Argonne staff to design, analyze, and apply methods for derivative-free/zeroth-order optimization especially relevant to challenging classes of scientific machine learning problems. Education and Experience Requirements Requirements: PhD in computer science, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or a related discipline (completed within the last 3 years, or soon to be completed) Graduate/postgraduate research in mathematical optimization, statistics, numerical analysis, or machine learning. Experience developing mathematical algorithms or numerical software.  Desired but not required knowledge: Analyzing algorithms Designing randomized, stochastic, or zeroth-order/derivative-free algorithms Researching statistical and machine learning techniques Developing parallel algorithms and software  US citizenship is not required.   Openings are available immediately, but there is flexibility in start dates. More information on applied mathematics, numerical software, and statistics work at Argonne may be found at https://www.anl.gov/mcs/lans . Job Family Postdoctoral Family Job Profile Postdoctoral Appointee Worker Type Long-Term (Fixed Term) Time Type Full time As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department. All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment.
Job Description: -The job is responsible for developing reports, dashboards, scorecards, and other data products. Plays a key role responsible for developing and maintaining Portfolio reporting solutions within the organization and working with other team members. Provides analysis of information obtained from the multiple data sources and make recommendations that drive advancement within the organization. Capable of delivering high-quality deliverables, on time, with careful attention to detail.Work closely with IT, architect and engineer solutions that provide views for the Enterprise Data Hub or other analytic ecosystems. This includes working with the appropriate teams, building out the design, and providing upkeep for the solution. Create high performance Big Data (and traditional) systems to be used with analytic applications.Code, test, process, and maintain data resources for the analytics organizations. This will include working to maintain data sourcing, transformation and delivery, for key analytic platforms throughout the organization. (ETL/ELT)Work with alternative analytic data systems to incorporate them into the operational data flow for the Analytics Teams. Work with data science teams and strategic partners on capabilities of core platform. This may include products purchased by the organization that must be ingested or modeled/derived data maintained by analytic teams.Other Skills: SQLData WarehousingProblem-SolvingCommunication SkillsAnalytical SkillsJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: From $44.00 per hourWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes
The UTOFUN is the leading internet source of analysis on Economy & US Real Estate and one stop real estate information platform. We deliver our information through a range of formats, from Website and Social Platforms to conferences and electronic services. In this position, not only you can experience most fast-growing business but also data- & tech-driven online platform.   We are recruiting statistical assistant in New York team.   Location at Midtown Manhattan, New York. Job Duty The following job duties are including but not limited to ….   Assist in compute and analyze real estate and economic data by statistical/quantitative formula and model.   Maintain and enter a large dataset of real estate, economic data, and verify data integrity.   Compile reports, charts, or graphs that describe and interpret findings of analysis into the production of periodic research papers/documents.   Assist in participating in the publication of data or information and communicating with clients, policymakers, and media reporters. Requirement No working experience is required   Must have at least Bachelor degree in Economics, Statistics, Math or other related fields.   Resume email to utofun@utofun.com  Location: New York City
Summary Posted: Jul 28, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200230593 Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. Work with the talent dense team who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri team at Apple. Key Qualifications Experience with one or more scripting languages such as Python and Perl Working familiarity with one or more programming languages such as C++, Objective C, Java, etc. Proven troubleshooting and debugging skills: analyze and investigate test failures, errors, and build issues Experience with developing large scale data pipeline; working on machine learning pipeline is a plus Expert knowledge of Linux OS and shell environment such as BASH Experience working in a continuous delivery pipeline using job scheduling tools such as TeamCity or Jenkins Description The goal of the Siri Machine Learning & Natural Language team is to take Siri to the next level of intelligence and accuracy. You will be responsible for moving existing machine learning models to device and delivering these models to Siri’s production system. You should be passionate about working with research scientists, machine learning engineers and data scientists to build on-device framework and improve natural language understanding ability of Siri. You will also be in charge of evaluating and optimizing runtime performance of machine learning models. Excellent communication skills will be required to coordinate work across multiple teams to build the on-device modeling platform and resolve issues. Education & Experience B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, or equivalent experience Additional Requirements Experience with NLP system (nice to have)
A career with EMD Electronics is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 58,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in Healthcare, Life Science and Electronics. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others. EMD Electronics is a business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.   Everything we do in EMD Electronics is to help us deliver on our purpose of being the company behind the companies, advancing digital living. We are dedicated to being the trusted supplier of high-tech materials, services and specialty chemicals for the electronics, automotive and cosmetics industries. We foster a global collaborative organization made up of individuals who have the passion to win, obsess about the customer, are relentlessly curious and act with urgency. Together, we push the boundaries of science to make more possible for our customers.   Your role:   An exciting new opportunity has arisen to join the company as R&D Data Architect. This role will design data science solutions and deliver actionable analysis, models, data products and other ongoing innovation initiatives by partnering with stakeholders to translate R&D questions into data science projects and develop quantifiable targets. You will assist scientists in designing experiments and consulting on best practices for collecting and interpreting data and analyze results of experiments to recommend optimizations to improve performance. The objective is translating internal and external data into actionable insights for R&D to answer research questions. Ideally, you will be able to use computational chemistry to supplement sparse data sets. Maintaining strong relationships with stakeholders through communication and collaboration will be key to success. Provide training and coaching on an ongoing basis; you will also advise the team on latest technologies, strategies, and products in database and data processing software to become more agile in terms of data & analytics .   Who you are:   Minimum Qualifications:  Graduate degree in Chemistry, Engineering, or Material Science with strong background in statistics or applied mathematics.   Preferred qualifications:  Knowledge of programming languages such as Python, R, and Matlab. Knowledge and experience in data modeling, data mining, experimental design and predictive analytics. Experience in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence algorithms is essential.   What we offer: With us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. We empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. We trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. Join us and bring your curiosity to life!   Curious? Apply and find more information at https://jobs.vibrantm.com   The Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to their Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because they made a good faith report of discrimination.   Job Requisition ID: 226365   Location: Carlsbad   Career Level: D - Professional (4-9 years)   Working time model: full-time   Careers during Covid-19 Thank you for visiting our careers website, we are always looking for curious minds to join our teams. We understand how much the world is being impacted by the Covid-19 crisis and we want to assure you that your safety is very important to us. To ensure that everyone's health is protected, instead of a standard face-to-face interview, it is likely that you will be offered alternative digital interview options.  US Disclosure The Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to their Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because they made a good faith report of discrimination.  North America Disclosure The Company is committed to accessibility in its workplaces, including during the job application process. Applicants who may require accommodation during the application process should speak with our Candidate Services team at 844-655-6466 from 8:00am to 5:30pm ET Monday through Friday.  Job Segment: Database, Consulting, R&D, Materials Science, Technology, Research, Science
As much as you’re a master at rigorous mining, culling and interpretation of big data, you’re equally at task to glean small but meaningful data insights and making it pop in multiple data visualization platforms.
COMPUTER VISION SCIENTIST  GLOBAL LEADING BRAND  CINCINNATI, OH  $110,000 - $120,000 If you are looking for the next opportunity within computer vision and data science, then keep reading! THE COMPANY This global leading company is looking to grow its team in Ohio. They are experiencing exciting growth in their data science team are looking for people with a computer vision background to join. There is lots of room for innovation and you'd get to work on "first of the kind" type of projects. THE ROLE You will be working with both image and video data to develop models to understand how their products are being used and will be working heavily with GANs You will be developing deep learning models with Python and will be using both PyTorch and Tensorflow You will be involved in developing recommender systems for the company's products for their customers You will be heavily involved in product research and what can be done to continuously improve the products and the customer experience You will have the opportunity to develop your own prototypes and be very innovative SKILLS MSc or PhD in Computer Science or any other STEM-related field, with project/work experience involving work with video data and GANs You have an innovative mindset and enjoy being exploratory You have experience programming in Python and have worked with either TensorFlow or PyTorch Strong research background in computer vision, deep learning, and machine learning, with a passion to continue being involved in research BENEFITS  As a Computer Vision Scientist, you can receive up to $120,000, depending on experience.   HOW TO APPLY  Please register your interest by sending your resume to Annie Nasharr via the Apply link on this page. KEYWORDS computer vision, deep learning, machine learning, data science, video data, images, segmentation, classification, recognition, recommender systems, retail, Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, GANs, computer science, research, unsupervised learning, supervised learning, model development, artificial intelligence, PhD, video analysis, image analysis, image processing, machine vision
Founded in 1989, CALNET, Inc. is a privately held company in the Technology, Intelligence Analysis, and Language Services consulting arena. Headquartered in Reston, VA and with a branch office in San Diego, CALNET employees deliver true value to our customers by employing best practices, world class technologies industry expertise in every project. We are currently searching for a talented, professional “Data Scientist” in Tyson's Corner, VA. The Scientist will be expected to build statistical models, test hypotheses, interpret, summarize, visualize, and succinctly report on data findings. The Data Scientist will perform research on various data sources, to include unstructured data using quantitative and qualitative content analytics. The Scientist will construct and perform complex database search queries in multiple databases using SQL and API interfaces. The Scientist will perform web scraping and apply various techniques for processing unstructured data. The Scientist will leverage automation and machine learning to manage data, predict scenarios and make recommendations. The Data Scientist will contribute to building new analytical tools and packages across the enterprise and will be expected to collaborate with team members in a highly technical environment. The Data Scientist will be expected to learn and leverage emerging technologies including AWS and Git. Required Skills: Experience in the following areas required: Strong experience working with Python or R programming languages Experience working with data manipulation, analytic/business insight tools, and data visualization experience Experience with SciPy stack or Tidyverse packages Experience constructing and performing complex database search queries Experience/ knowledge of computer science concepts, data architecture, and experience/knowledge of statistics Experience /familiarity with statistics and probability including predicative modeling Experience with visualizing data using popular packages including Tableau, ggplot or Matplotlib Ability to communicate technical findings to non-technical audiences 3 year experience and Bachelor’s degree in a highly quantitative subject or related field ( for example, statistics, mathematics, economics, or related field) or 1 year experience and a Master's degree Clearance: TS/SCI with CI Polygraph This opportunity is in Tyson's Corner, VA. To be considered for this opportunity, please send a word copy of your resume to jobs@calnet.com. CALNET, Inc. offers a competitive salary and a generous benefits package. This package includes medical, dental, vision, life, short and long term disability insurances, a 401(k)-retirement savings plan, and generous leave time. CALNET, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. EEO/M/F/D/V
Mission Lane LLC is a fintech on a mission (no pun intended) to increase access to financial tools that help people thrive. We are raising the bar on fair credit access, easy money management, and convenient income discovery. Our philosophy is simple: when our customers do well, we do well. And we have only just begun. Mission Lane's Data Science Team is looking for a Principal Data Scientist to join us.  You'll be a successful Principal Data Scientist if:  You're personally motivated to help improve the financial health of the 100 million working-class Americans who live paycheck-to-paycheck You've created, deployed, and managed supervised learning models in production systems for vital applications You enjoy being a technical mentor. You share best practices for software engineering and can help smart, knowledgeable, data scientists with hard mathematical problems. You consider yourself a generalist data scientist and are more motivated by practical solutions than theoretical elegance You practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-driven development, code review, refactoring) and the PyData stack (numpy, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.) You can communicate, collaborate, compromise, and be sensitive to the needs of clients and your teammates  We are offering:  A low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together The chance to work at a company where data science is at the heart of the business and integral to both our day-to-day operation and our executive team's strategic vision Flexible work hours and flexible work location (even after the pandemic) A generous parental leave policy Excellent opportunities for career growth, with both management and technical tracks for advancement A team that values learning and approaches work with a "growth mindset" A competitive salary, equity, and a full benefits package (health, dental, vision, 401k)  You might be particularly excited about the role if you want:  To work on fairness, accountability, and transparency in machine learning (FAccT ML) or explainable AI (XAI) To find practical ways to apply modern innovations from diverse research areas like Causal Inference, Cost-Sensitive Machine Learning, and Time Series Classification To use distributed computing systems like Spark and Snowflake to manipulate data  If you're excited about the role and aren't sure if you meet all the requirements - we want you to apply anyway! We believe people can contribute to our team in a wide variety of ways and want to meet people who find meaning in our mission and our technical work compelling.  Job Location: Richmond, Virginia or Remote More about Mission Lane:  Mission Lane is based in the U.S., with offices in Richmond, Virginia & San Francisco, California. Founded in December 2018, we've rapidly grown to over 1 million customers.  It all started with a realization: nearly fifty percent of the adult population in the U.S. doesn't have access to a clear line of credit. And by "clear" we mean credit without crazy fees that only increase debt. Most traditional credit card companies either overlook or overcharge this group because they have less-than-prime credit scores or no score at all. We decided this just wouldn't do.  We understand that everyone doesn't have the same opportunities. We also know that everyone joins us at different stages of their financial journeys. Providing access to clear credit was a critical first step, but our work isn't done. We are actively developing new products designed to meet our customers where they are, according to their needs.  We get it - life happens. That's why Mission Lane is hard at work paving a better way forward.  Just like for our customers, Mission Lane creates opportunities for our employees to learn, grow, and prosper. We strive to create an environment that brings out the best in everyone, everyday.  ******  Mission Lane is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Mission Lane is not currently sponsoring new applicant employment authorization for this position. And please, no third party recruiters.  #LI-REMOTE
Principal Data Scientist Health Company $160,000 - $180,000 plus bonus and equity Boston, Massachusetts This role is for Data Scientists with experience leading teams in the health space. The company is trying to revolutionize the payment and delivery of care in the health space. They are doing this through a model they have created on their platform and enabled through a growing national network of like-minded physician partners. THE COMPANY This amazing health company is transforming healthcare by allowing physicians to innovate the payment and delivery of care to seniors. They are helping to move away from the transactional fee-for-service reimbursement model. This will allow the care to serve the individual needs of patients and a transition to a sustainable and predictable business model. RESPONSIBILITIES Lead multiple scrum teams to deliver innovative Machine Learning solutions in the healthcare space. Keep up to date, latest developments in the Machine Learning space and incorporate these in our best practices. Help define the data science development workflows from coding and architecture best practices, data strategy, to Machine Learning training and inference platforms. Work closely with internal and external stakeholders, both technical and non-technical, and help translate deep Machine Learning knowledge to stakeholders. Work closely with the Machine Learning engineering/Infrastructure team to help define the vision of Machine Learning training and Machine Learning inference platforms running on the Cloud. Mentor and grow junior data scientists in the team on both data science modeling and software engineering skills. Help in continuing to build out and expand the Data Science and Machine Learning Engineering teams SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Master's required, Ph.D. preferred in relevant fields. Experience in Machine Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, etc. Strong experience in both classical Machine Learning modeling approaches and Deep Learning-based model approaches Deep NLP knowledge and AWS experience are preferred. Strong proficiency in Python Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to evaluate new Machine learning opportunities. BENEFITS There is the potential for a bonus and equity. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your CV via the Apply link on this page. KEY TERMS Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, AWS, TensorFlow, Leadership,
View All Jobs: Dezign Concepts Careers Portal 20210725-1169-01 Job Summary The sponsor has a mission need for additional support to enable and grow our existing automation efforts, add additional data streams, and drive forward our natural language processing efforts. The sponsor seeks a Data Scientist to focus on the sponsor’s business analytics, metrics collection, and analysis efforts. The sponsor’s management team requires a data scientist to characterize the sponsor’s work force, workforce productivity and output, and the value of collection to the workforce. **Please note: This job requires an existing Top Secret Clearance and Polygraph** Responsibilities and Duties The Contractor shall work with the sponsor and stakeholders to establish working data sets and machine learning to support metrics analysis. The Contractor shall design and implement advanced code and table configurations for complex data sets. The Contractor shall compile data analysis and conduct sophisticated analysis using deployed tools and natural language processing. The Contractor shall stay current with the Sponsor’s enterprise metadata collection tools. The Contractor shall produce ad hoc metrics reports to answer immediate needs. The Contractor shall implement the Sponsor’s existing coordination process. Experience Needed: Citizenship: Must Be a US Citizen Existing Clearance Required: Active Top Secret SCI with Poly Demonstrated professional experience using Python natural language processing (NLP) packages such as Spacy, Gensim, and NLTK to analyze or process collections of documents. Demonstrated experience reviewing documentation and APIs of commonly-used NLP packages to choose the one with the best fit for a given NLP task and implement it. Demonstrated experience performing pre-processing actions for text data sets for use in NLP projects (lemmatize, remove stop words, or use regular expressions to remove organization-specific stop phrases). Demonstrated experience writing, maintaining, and customizing Python scripts that extract text from various formats such as MS Word, PDF, or XML. Demonstrated experience conducting evaluations or transformations of text and loading the results into a relational database. Demonstrated experience creating machine learning models that conduct binary or multi-class text classification in Python using standard machine learning (Scikit-learn) or deep learning frameworks (TensorFlow or PyTorch). Demonstrated experience writing Python scripts that pull data from web-based APIs and relational databases. Demonstrated professional experience with SQL in Oracle. Demonstrated professional experience with version control systems such as Github. Interested! Apply Now for immediate Consideration! Main Number: 1-888-663-2690 | info@Dezign-Concepts.com | www.dezign-concepts.com Company Overview At Dezign Concepts, we are building a collaboration of professionals to help supply commercial, government and the intelligence communities with the services they need to excel in current and future endeavors. We are a growing company where providing outstanding solutions and delivering impeccable service is our highest priority. We believe that great people make great companies and every day we strive to provide the type of environment that encourages creativity, growth and satisfaction. Dezign Concepts provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. FCSiD9Th1h
Data Engineer- Remote Data Engineer  Data-science team seeks a data engineer. This engineer will deploy production AI functionality, and will help run data-science experiments at scale. The ideal candidate will have polyglot coding skills for SaaS products/services, and will be familiar with the following tools and platforms: PythonSQLRA cloud data-lake/warehouse platform. Applicants should be comfortable implementing production AI for a variety of model types, including deep-learning and classical machine-learning and statistical models. Data parallelism of various kinds will be routine. The role will work closely with our data scientists and our lead data engineer to understand analytical model architectures selected by the data scientists, and then to scale the models to production workloads of many million events per day. Top Reasons to Work with UsCompetitive total rewards packageTop-notch work environmentDesire to have fun What You Will Be Doing What you will do: Monitor our SAAS application using external and internal monitoring toolsMaintain existing runbooks and deployment automationCollaborate with development to improve existing processes or create new ones as requiredWrite new deployment and maintenance automation to deal with common tasks.Practice Disaster RecoveryDeploy new versions of the software to staging and productionTroubleshoot networking and performance issuesParticipate in on-call rotation to support 24x7 coverage of our service offering What You Need for this PositionCloud ComputingSaaSPython / PHPUNIX ShellAmazon Web Services What's In It for YouCompetitive base pay + Stock optionsGenerous PTO (15 days) + Comprehensive benefits (medical, 401K, etc) - HOT industry and newest technology - - Healthcare Security and Mobile Development! Exciting team and new division with lots of opportunities within Very senior and experienced team where you can learn tremendously as well as be part of a successful product release If you are a fun interactive co-worker who has experience as a Data Engineer and wants to be remote!Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Summary Posted: Jul 22, 2021 Role Number:200269763 Apple builds world-class innovative products that integrate hardware with intelligent software experiences using machine learning, artificial intelligence, and computer vision. Machine Learning Platform and Technologies is the team that makes it possible for Apple engineers to innovate ML driven product features rapidly and at scale. The team enables future Apple intelligent products by making cutting edge ML technologies, large scale compute and data systems designed specifically for ML available to engineers within Apple. Come join the team that is making ML innovation possible here at Apple. We’re looking for strong software engineers to build a next generation Deep Learning framework geared towards fueling on-device machine learning capabilities and emerging innovations. You’ll be part of a small team of developers and deep learning experts working in the area of device-aware neural network optimization and neural architecture search. We’re looking for candidates with polished coding skills, passionate about machine learning, computational science and hardware. Any background and experience level is acceptable. In exchange we offer respectful work environment, flexible set of responsibilities, access to world class experts and growth opportunities in one of the best companies in the world. Key Qualifications Strong Python programming skills. Understanding of data structures, software design principles and algorithms. Experience with Python scientific libraries like numpy, scipy. Experience with one or more deep learning framework such as Tensorflow, PyTorch or Keras. Description * Design and develop APIs for common and emerging deep learning primitives: layers, tensor operations, optimizers and more specific hardware features.  * Implement efficient tensor operations and DNN training algorithms.  * Train and evaluate DNNs for the purpose of benchmarking neural network optimization algorithms. Our framework reduces latency and power consumption of neural networks found in many Apple products.  * Perform research in emerging areas of efficient neural network development including quantization, pruning, compression and neural architecture search, as well as novel differentiable compute primitives.  * We encourage publishing novel research at top ML conferences. Additional RequirementsExperience developing machine learning solutions.Understanding of compute hardware design, CPU and GPU architectures.Experience with C++, Objective-C, Swift.iOS development experience.Solid math skills: linear algebra, computational science and optimization.Publication record in ML conferences is a plus.
Job Description: Ferguson is currently seeking the right individual to fill an immediate need for a Data Analyst working in our Real Estate and Facilities Department. This department is responsible for leading our Real Estate holdings and activity. This activity includes (but not limited to): Lease administration; Capital project accounting, Construction management and Facilities Maintenance Qualifications and requirements 2+ years of experience is preferred to perform at expectation. Applies basic job knowledge across multiple job areas relating to Real Estate contracts, transactions, capital project management and construction. Minimum of 1 year in an analytical position, with shown, advanced MS Excel and database queries A minimum of one year of technical data science experience Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university Job duties The candidate for the Data Analyst position must have strong analytical skills and have an ability to manipulate and analyze raw information/data, come up with conclusions, and develop impactful solutions. Analyze structured and unstructured data, understand and implement algorithms and/or script, and support analysis using advanced statistical and mathematical methods from emerging areas in pattern analysis, machine learning, data mining, econometrics, and operations research Participate in business intelligence projects leading to efficiency, improvements of data management processes, redesigning and optimizing processes, improvements of data quality and overall level of decision management Responsible for auditing Real Estate and Project Records in order to ensure the highest level of Data Integrity Maintaining and verifying the accuracy of data by working multi-functionally among various departments and teams that are geographically diverse. Document business processes, research standard methodologies and support development of solutions for current business operations Work with groups across different areas (real estate, construction, demographics, logistics, supply chain, finance and accounting) to understand reporting needs, requirements and resolve limitations Function in a fast-paced and multifaceted environment utilizing virtual and face-to-face interactions; lead complex work streams, expectations, budgets, deliverables, risks, and multiple responsibilities using structured approaches for operational excellence while presenting results to executive level audiences Interpret and deliver findings to superiors to support business cases Professional requirements Organize, coordinate and prioritize work Effectively communicate in writing and verbally Ability to optimally work remote Ability to develop and deliver effective presentations to groups Ability to efficiently operate computers, tablets and mobile devices High degree of proficiency utilizing all Microsoft Office products Knowledge of data visualization tools and BI tools (such as but not limited to Tableau, BOBJ, MS Power BI) Ability to analyze financial analysis templates including book and cash flow projections, net present value, and/or internal rate of return analyses. Travel occasionally to include overnight travel as needed. Technical skills Experience performing data science from data discovery, cleaning, model selection, validation, and deployment Problem-solving ability through the use and/or development of data science algorithms, models, testing, etc.; ability to utilize a diverse array of technologies and tools as needed, to deliver insights, such as R, Python, Spark, Hadoop and emerging Cloud Capabilities on Azure, GCP and/or AWS; experience with command-line scripting, data structures, and algorithms Proven SQL skills and strong Power Query skills Solid skills at regular expressions to allow meticulous extraction and transformation of raw text Experience using ML libraries in Python or R. Some examples include (sklearn, PyTorch, keras) for python and (caret, Data-Explorer) with R Experience with regression with regularization, classification and clustering algorithms. Moderate knowledge of feature engineering, scoring and statistical imputation are encouraged Familiarity with Python/R machine learning libraries to generate regression, classification and clustering algorithms Familiarity with Azure Fundamentals, VBA Macro scripting and Real Estate software (such as Lucernex) or other database systems Benefits Ferguson is dedicated to providing meaningful benefits programs and products to our associates and their families—geared toward benefits, wellness, financial protection and retirement savings. Ferguson offers a competitive benefits package which includes: medical, dental, vision, retirement savings with company match, paid leave (vacation, sick, personal and holiday), employee assistance programs, associate discounts, community involvement opportunities and much more! The Company is an equal opportunity employer as well as a government contractor that shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a), which prohibits discrimination against qualified protected Veterans and the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(A), which prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability. Ferguson Enterprises, LLC. is an equal employment employer F/M/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Equal Employment Opportunity and Reasonable Accommodation Information
Overview:  LMI is a consultancy dedicated to powering a future-ready, high-performing government, drawing from expertise in digital and analytic solutions, logistics, and management advisory services. We deliver integrated capabilities that incorporate emerging technologies and are tailored to customers’ unique mission needs, backed by objective research and data analysis. Founded in 1961 to help the Department of Defense resolve complex logistics management challenges, LMI continues to enable growth and transformation, enhance operational readiness and resiliency, and ensure mission success for federal civilian and defense agencies. Responsibilities: Frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions. Work with the data science team to perform ETL (extract, transform, load) Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON. Transform data and analysis into informative data visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available visualization and dashboard tools. Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to research questions. Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or a related business or quantitative discipline 1+ years of experience working with tools, including object-oriented programming (Python, Java), computational analysis tools (R, MATLAB), and associated data science libraries (scikit-learn) Experience with ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) Experience creating meaningful data visualizations and interactive dashboards using platforms such as Tableau, Qlik, Power BI, RShiny, plotly, and d3.js to communicate findings and relate them back to how your insights create business impact Working knowledge of databases and SQL; preferred qualifications include linking analytic and data visualization products to database connections At least 1 year of experience in the field Superior communication skills, both oral and written Preferred experience in the following areas: R, Python, SAS, or MATLAB
Summary Posted: Jul 19, 2021 Role Number:200193931 Play a part in building the next revolution of machine learning technology. In this role you'll have the ability to build groundbreaking technology that will change the way we create machine learning solutions at Apple. The Machine Learning Research team is looking for a passionate senior Machine Learning researcher to develop the next generation of machine learning introspection technologies with particular attention to fairness and bias in AI. As a member of the Machine Learning Research team you will work on some of the most challenging technical problems, collaborate with world-class machine learning engineers and researchers, develop new ML solutions that will impact future Apple products, publish in international conferences, and collaborate with the best product teams to integrate your ideas into products. The ideal candidate also understands the importance of empowering others to innovate. This includes technical mentorship/guidance, paper publication and conference talks. Key Qualifications Demonstrated expertise in machine learning with a passion for fairness and bias in AI. Publication record in relevant conferences (e.g., NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, SIGGRAPH, KDD, ACL). Good programming skills in Python. Hands-on experience working with deep learning toolkits such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, or Keras. Proven experience or education in linear algebra statistics Ability to formulate a research problem, design, experiment and implement solutions. Ability to work in a collaborative environment. Description You should be passionate about building extraordinary products in collaboration with broader teams across Apple, and be inspired by a fast-paced environment, to execute on the required tasks, meet production deadlines and, at the same time, explore new innovative ideas in machine learning that can improve and transform the product experience of Apple customers. You will help to identify gaps in the research field, define a research agenda, and develop innovative ML strategies for challenging problems that will affect future Apple products. You will provide technical mentorship and guidance, prepare technical reports and papers for publication and conference talks. You have the ability to work both independently and collaboratively to help partner teams meet predefined objectives. You will be responsible for delivering ML technologies aligned with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, scientific rigor, innovation, and respect for user privacy. Education & Experience PhD, or equivalent practical experience, in Computer Science, or related technical field
At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics, and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we’ll help… Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver.Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility.Bring advanced mobility technology to market faster.Discover new materials that will make batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive and more powerful.Develop human-centered AI systems to augment (not replace) human decision making to increase the quality of decisions (e.g. mitigate cognitive biases) and/or to facilitate faster innovation cycles. Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in both what we research and how we perform our research our goal is to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry-leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries PhD degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work-life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun environment with forward-thinking people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve our goals. Come work with TRI if you’re interested in transforming mobility through designing technology for safer cars, enabling the elderly to age in place, or designing alternative fuel sources. Start your impossible with us. Our Machine Learning (ML) team is looking for world-class research scientists and engineers to turn Toyota's data advantage into an AI advantage. As the #1 car maker in the world with 100 million cars on the road today, we can learn from massive amounts of data to realize safe automated driving on a global scale. Our team's mission is to use all the data to identify and solve open research problems on the critical path to automated driving. We are working on some of the hardest challenges in the area of perception (e.g., scene understanding, 3D vision, tracking), prediction (e.g., handling uncertainty, predicting human behavior, trajectory forecasting), planning (e.g., understanding and reacting to human intent, multi-agent modeling), and general machine learning (e.g., self-supervised learning, imitation learning, active learning, multi-task learning, domain adaptation, robustness to the heavy tail of edge cases, efficient deep learning, large scale distributed training). We invent new Deep Learning algorithms that can leverage massive amounts of data (labeled or not), experimentally showing state-of-the-art performance (both in internal benchmarks and public ones, publishing at top Machine Learning and Computer Vision conferences and collaborating with our university partners). We work closely with other teams at TRI to transfer and ship our most successful algorithms and models towards world-scale long-term autonomy. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will contribute to state-of-the-art machine learning data infrastructure and relevant software specific to data management, data analysis, and data mining at unparalleled scale. You will implement robust software and data pipelines for a tremendous amount of data, and analyze large scale data for the practical scenarios of autonomous driving. Last but not least, you will deploy your algorithms and systems to explore the meaningful scenarios in our data sea and beyond. Responsibilities and required qualifications are as follows: Responsibilities: Address large scale challenges in the machine learning development cycle, especially around cloud and data engineering. Manipulate high-volume, high-dimensionality, structured data from driving logs for training and testing deep networks. Build a robust data platform that enables ML practitioners to build and maintain their own data pipelines and datasets. Stay up to date on the state-of-the-art in Deep Learning ideas and software, in collaboration with other divisions in the company. Solve challenging problems with cutting edge design and algorithms. Work in a multidisciplinary team and collaborate with other teams across the company. Basic Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Math, Physics or related field with at least 4-5 years of experience; Masters with at least 2 years of experience; PhD with at least 1 year of experience Strong software engineering practices with machine learning experience in a production setting. Clear grasp on basic Linear Algebra, Optimization, Statistics, and Algorithms. Experience with pipeline orchestration tooling (e.g. Airflow, AWS Step Function, Metaflow, KubeFlow, etc). Proficient in Python, SQL and Git. Experience with AWS, Azure or GCP. Nice to have: Experience with data analysis, data munging and relative machine learning skills. Experience with building end-to-end ML workflows (Data Mining Data Preparation Modeling) Strong knowledge of ML dataset management (data + annotations) and exposure to dataset versioning tools such as DVC. Experience with ML data annotation pipeline, RESTful APIs, Apache Spark. Exposure to perception, prediction, and/or planning stacks for robotics/AVs. Experience in AV or Automotive industry Please reference this Candidate Privacy Notice to inform you of the categories of personal information that we collect from individuals who inquire about and/or apply to work for Toyota Research Institute, Inc. or its subsidiaries, including Toyota A.I. Ventures GP, L.P., and the purposes for which we use such personal information.
Would you like to join our innovative team? If so, read on! At GEICO, analytics are fundamental to our business. Complex analysis underlies every major decision and is an essential component of our unique strategic vision. Analytics have and continue to be GEICO’s hallmark in the competitive auto insurance industry. Job Duties & Responsibilities: In the Research, Analytics and Development (RAD) department, we apply statistical and advanced modeling techniques to a myriad of types of data. Your job duties will include pulling and cleaning large data sets from internal and external sources; fitting, tuning and validating a wide array of statistical models; integrating predictive models into analytical tools for non-technical end users; sharing insights from your analyses with all levels of management, including senior executives; and implementing your final product. You will be part of a team that is focused on innovation: trying new modeling techniques, devising new metrics, and tackling complex questions that the company has never tried to answer before. You’ll have a chance to work on questions like: How can we predict the average repair costs for a vehicle that is brand new to the market? Which policyholders are most likely to change the terms of their policy, and in which ways? How can we incorporate new vehicle safety feature information into our product? Ready to make an impact? If so, do you meet these qualifications? Candidate Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field with a minimum 3.0 overall undergraduate GPA; graduate degrees are encouraged Demonstrated ability in mathematical, statistical, financial or economic analyses on large, complex datasets Familiarity with multivariate classification and regression techniques; experience with at least one of GLMs, decision trees, or machine learning Programming experience, including SQL, and at least one of R, Python, SAS, or similar; demonstrated ability to learn new tools Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Advanced quantitative and qualitative problem-solving skills Detail-oriented and able to work under deadlines Salary Information: Entry-level starting salary is in the high $60K to low $70K rangeMust be willing and able to commute or relocate. This position is based out of our Corporate office in Chevy Chase, MD. To ensure our associates receive the training and support needed to excel and thrive, associates hired for this position are generally required to work at the GEICO building during their orientation period. GEICO follows federal and state guidance and legal requirements regarding measures designed to limit the spread of COVID-19, including masking and social distancing. Measures may vary by GEICO location. Benefits: As a RAD Modeling Analyst, you’ll enjoy our Total Rewards Program* to help secure your financial future and preserve your health and well-being, including: Premier Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance with no waiting period** Paid Vacation, Sick and Parental Leave 401(k) Plan with Profit Sharing Tuition Reimbursement Paid Training and LicensuresBenefits may be different by location. Benefit eligibility requirements vary and may include length of service. **Coverage begins with the pay period after hire date. Must enroll in New Hire Benefits within 30 days of the date of hire for coverage to take effect. The equal employment opportunity policy of the GEICO Companies provides for a fair and equal employment opportunity for all associates and job applicants regardless of race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, familial status, disability or genetic information, in compliance with applicable federal, state and local law. GEICO hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled. GEICO reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities to enable them to receive equal employment opportunity and/or perform the essential functions of the job, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship to the Company. This applies to all applicants and associates. GEICO also provides a work environment in which each associate is able to be productive and work to the best of their ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. We expect and require the cooperation of all associates in maintaining an atmosphere free from discrimination and harassment with mutual respect by and for all associates and applicants. #LI-JXA1
Summary Responsible for generating insightful strategies and business recommendations by building mathematical models, uncovering vast quantities of information, and evaluating the information to develop insights for the managerial teams toward business decision-making, policy formulation, and other key business data that will drive business performance. Perform data mining from the company's 50 million+ article-site combinations and evaluate opportunities for business performance improvement or development across the entire value chain, including Sales, Forecasting, Inventory Management, and Sourcing. Build descriptive, predictive, and/or prescriptive mathematical business models. Evaluate the results and cleanse and verify the data used in business models. Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Inventory Management and Merchandising, to drive the executive of models. Establish strong working relationships with cross-functional teams, including IT, Inventory Management, Store Operations, and Merchandising, to collect data for business models, execute models, and make recommendations to the managerial teams based on the finds of the compiled data. Perform ad-hoc requests and, lastly, present data finds clearly for consumption by senior management and the managerial teams. Education Requirement: Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in Industrial Engineering, Operations Research, Supply Chain or in a related field. Work Experience Requirement: 1 year as an Analyst within a merchandising/retail environment. Knowledge & Skills: Additionally, the applicant must have professional experience in: 1.) VBA; 2.) Database Query Experience with SQL; 3.) Programming with R or Python; 4.) Experience with JDA Demand & Fulfillment or JDA Enterprise Planning; 5.) Model Building experience with descriptive, predictive, or prescriptive models; and 6.) Cross-functional experience with IT and Finance. This position will be located at: 5555 Darrow Road Hudson, OH 44236 JOANN is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. This job summary is intended to be brief and does not list all duties for this position. Nothing in this job description should be construed as an express or implied contract of employment. JOANN is an at-will employer, which means that your employment may be terminated by JOANN or yourself with or without notice or cause unless the at-will arrangement is modified by a written agreement signed by both you and and authorized representative of JOANN.
The National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis invites applications for a temporary Data Fellow (Junior Specialist) position to engage in data science projects focused on social science disciplines and issues at the Arctic Data Center. These projects may span all elements of Arctic Data Center activities from community building, training, engagement and outreach, data management, usability, and synthesis research, depending on the interests and experience of the Fellow. In all cases, projects will be in support of Arctic social science data and/or the Arctic social science community. The Fellow will work closely with Community Outreach leads, Project Data Coordinators and team members to identify and scope project activities. He/she will collaborate with team members and with researchers from the community in support of project goals. A list of example activities demonstrating the breadth and scope of work undertaken by previous Data Fellows can be found at: https://www.nceas.ucsb.edu/fellowships/data-science-fellowship-recruitment. As a Fellowship focused explicitly on social science disciplinary issues, we are interested in supporting projects that build upon existing social science data and/or further engage the social science research community in the work of the Arctic Data Center. Example project opportunities include (but are not limited to): Arctic social science synthesis research Opportunity for fellow identified research activity that leverages social science data available within publicly accessible repositories, analysed with the support to the Arctic Data Center team Evaluation of Social Science researcher perspectives and practices around data sharing and reuse This work would support the current social science working group in development, implementation and analysis of a survey Analysis of impact of open data reuse on social science disciplines In conjunction with a social science working group, examine the reuse of open data within different social science disciplines, and estimate the impact on those disciplines. For example, one might contrast the impact of reuse of large survey datasets like the US Census and the American Community Survey with available small community well-being surveys from individual projects or communities. Analysis of current social science data available through public repositories Work in support of the current social science working group to provide independent data on evidence of data sharing across social sciences. Includes cross reference of funder awards database against available data and evaluation of funder policies Community informed development of a social science data portal Collaboration with the Arctic Data Center team on the development of a data portal(s) supporting the social science community. Includes outreach and communication, focus group conversations and usability assessment to understand and meet the needs of the social science research community Data management training materials in support of social science research In collaboration with the training team, develop education modules addressing topics of specific interest to the social science research community for integration into the NCEAS Learning Hub / Arctic training catalog. Social science representation on arcticdata.io Create resource pages that collates relevant information for social science researchers and directly addresses questions that are high priority for social science data. This is a one year, full-time position located in Santa Barbara. Screening of applicants is ongoing and will continue as needed. The department is especially interested in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community through research, teaching and service.  Qualifications Basic qualifications (required at time of application) A baccalaureate degree (or equivalent degree) in social sciences, natural sciences, computer science, or a related field at the time of application Preferred qualifications Familiarity with social science research and/or data science Experience in data management and/or analysis Experience or comfort with training others Advanced degree or partial completion of advanced degree (e.g., M.S., MLIS) Interest in developing open data science approaches to advancing social science research Application Requirements Document requirements Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V. Cover Letter - Cover Letter including: a description of your experience with social science research or data; a brief statement addressing philosophy and past and/or potential contributions to diversity through teaching, professional activity, and/or service; and a statement indicating which example research activity aligns most closely with your interests and expertise. Reference requirements 3 required (contact information only) Please provide the names and complete contact information for 3 references. The department will conduct a reference check for the finalist before extending an offer  Apply link: https://recruit.ap.ucsb.edu/JPF02017  Help contact: acastillo@nceas.ucsb.edu  Campus Information The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Job location 1021 Anacapa Street, Santa Barbara, CA 93101
The Data Analyst Fellowship is a limited-term employment opportunity position that reports directly to the Finance Director. The Fellowship provides the unique opportunity to work closely with the City’s Leadership Team and community leaders, while contributing to the City’s mission of meeting the needs of our community and enhancing our quality of life.  This position will be responsible for turning data into insight, and insight into greater transparency for our constituents. This position will include responsibilities for data preparation, reconciliation of data sets, and building reports and information delivery portals to share the data with our internal and external customers. The Data Analyst will be responsible for mining and analyzing data from throughout the organization to help provide greater insights when making operational decisions and long-term organizational plans. Examples of Duties Essential Job Functions Work closely with and assist senior leadership, data system owners/managers, program managers and administrative support staff to conduct an assessment of current data available and identify data collection and analysis needs. Ensure data are valid and reliable, and appropriate for current and future data needs for both internal and external objectives. Prepare specialized data tabulations, including trends, descriptive statistics, and crosstabs, and visualizations of these trends and statistics from multiple databases as needed by senior leadership and other program staff. Examine and identify data patterns and trends to help answer business questions and improve decision making, including the presentation of organizational data in the context of national, regional and local comparison data, with assistance from other staff in analyzing trends. Prepare regular reports required by leaders from multiple databases. Develop methods to standardize and automate recurring reports so they can be generated by program staff to improve efficiency and ease of generation. The process used will also allow for correction of data errors prior to final report preparation. Conduct quantitative statistical analysis on data to answer research questions and improve decision making. Manage data quality efforts, working with program staff to periodically clean and validate data. Quality check data based on established guidelines and procedures. Other Job Functions Other duties as assigned. Typical Qualifications Bachelor's degree in business, scientific, technical, education or related field. An equivalent combination of education and experience performing duties as described may be substituted for the minimum requirements. A degree in data science, applied math, statistics, information technology, or other analytical field that would require process and workflow analyses is preferred. Experience with data cleaning (removal of duplicates, outliers, and invalidated data) and quality checking based on established guidelines for data acceptance is required. Use of relational databases and data analysis (including trends, descriptive statistics, crosstabs, percentiles, etc.) and graphical representation of data is essential. Extensive experience using spreadsheets, including the ability to use pivot tables, conditional formatting and nested formulas, is essential. Experience building interactive dashboards that allow users to manipulate data with filters is a plus. Skilled in being technically proficient with experience or an understanding on how to build web applications that use open data is preferred. Knowledge of governmental policies, processes and procedures is a plus. Supplemental Information Competencies Communication Self-directed/Autonomous Problem Solving Technical Skills Creative/Innovative To learn more about these competencies click here
Red Cedar Consultancy, LLC, a fast growing IT services firm is currently looking for smart and self-motivated Data Archtiect with the ability to take on and overcome challenges in a dynamic and collaborative team environment. Provides technical knowledge and analyses for advanced scalable analytical capabilities and tools Successful candidate will provide technical and subject matter expertise for continued maintenance and enhancement of the TSA Enterprise Information and Data Architecture capabilities. Candidate will have demonstrated capability in providing information and data architectural support services across solution architecture, segment architecture, and enterprise architecture. Key skills and job function includes: Create, maintain, and guide conceptual and logical models at the enterprise, segment, and solution level, spanning multiple special domains (e.g., aviation security, biometrics, geospatial, cloud, mobile). Create enterprise information/data views. Gather and analyze information and data to generate new or enhance existing enterprise views to convey as-is and to-be architecture. Provide strategic information and data/architectural service. Research and analyze specific capabilities or technology areas including but not limited to semantic technologies, robotic process automation, machine learning, and artificial intelligence; Provide enterprise information and data management support, to include: Establish and enforce TSA information and data architectural principles and standards; Provide enterprise information/data management support; Provide services to enhance TSA EA information and data management maturity; Identification of EA-related data and information; Implement recommendations and best practices from the TSA Enterprise Information and Data Study; Explore the application of technology to different problem sets; Conduct pilots to demonstrate the power of ML/AI and other automation tools; Create implementation roadmaps for successful automation pilots; Provide support to stand up the TSA Chief Data Officer (CDO) function.  Qualifications Must be a U.S. Citizen Possess excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Maintain strong oral and written communication skills Have a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent training in relevant area of study
Machine Learning Engineer If you are a Machine Learning Engineer with experience, please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Recognized industry leader! 2. Competitive base salary and benefits! 3. Opportunity for professional growth! What You Will Be DoingMachine Learning research/implementation for AI and Natural Language Processing applicationsEvaluate/integrate/deploy models Develop NLP systems/ML pipelines Work closely with our Data Scientists and Engineers to build/deploy models What You Need for this PositionCoding/programming experience with 1 or more languageExperience & knowledge of data models, structure, and architectureMachine Learning statistics, NLP, techniquesMachine Learning framework and library experience (preferably with TensorFlow and/or ScikitSQLDjango Nice to have: NLP framework experienceNLP techniquesBig Data knowledge (Hadoop, Spark, Map Reduce) What's In It for You For your hard work and dedication, you will be rewarded with a competitive base salary, and benefits including but not limited to: Competitive Base Salary (Up to $115k base DOE)401KVacation/PTOPaid HolidaysMedical/Dental/Vision So, if you are a Machine Learning Engineer with experience, please apply today!Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
DAY TO DAY: An insurance provider in the Charlotte, NC area is looking for a Statistical Reporting Analyst for Sompo International. This position is responsible for compiling, developing, and analyzing premium, loss and expense data to support external and internal reporting requirements of a statutory or statistical nature. They will also be responsible for preparing and filing statistical reports, data calls, and assessment reports in a timely and accurate manner to boards, bureaus, federal and state agencies. Duties and Responsibilities include but are not limited to:Compiles and analyzes data in preparation to submit reports of premium and claims statistics to state insurance department, NCCI, independent rating bureaus and regulatory agencies.Responds to regulatory agencies, NCCI’s and independent rating bureaus’ questions after researching and resolving issues with business units.Works with ISO (outsourced process) to ensure unit statistical reports are timely and accurately submitted.Act as a liaison with ISO, NCCI and other state rating bureaus on statistical reporting issues.Manages the DMV reporting process working with ISO (CV-ALIR), Business Operations, IT and State DOI’s. Investigate/correct Auto Liability Insurance Reporting (ALIR) errors. Monitor errors, fines and industry changes.Pay all state and bureau fund assessments and surcharges.Submits new and renewal application fees for Company licenses in accordance with statutory requirements.Investigates data quality issues.MUST HAVES: Minimum two years’ experience in insurance statistical reporting or similar regulatory compliancePrior experience preparing and submitting reports, data calls, NCCI unit statistical reporting process and paying assessments to state insurance departments, NCCI and independent rating bureaus and regulatory agencies a plusKnowledge and understanding of premium and claims processing systems and applicationsSharePoint and Excel experiencePLUSSES: College DegreeNCCI and independent rating bureaus and regulatory agencies a plusJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $25.00 - $30.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:RemoteEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Insurance: 1 year (Required)Premiums/Claims: 1 year (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 1 year (Required)SharePoint: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet We are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we’re so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet’s Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we’re wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you’re looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us! Dun & Bradstreet is seeking an exceptional Senior Business Intelligence Analyst to play an integral role in the design, development and launch of a world-class business intelligence solution. This individual will serve as a key partner to business users looking to delve deep into data to create actionable intelligence that influences strategic decision making and company performance. In this role, you will be responsible for building and administering business intelligence platforms in Power BI and Tableau, defining KPIs, creating dashboards and producing in depth analyses that drive strategy. This role interfaces with a variety of stakeholders ranging from Finance, Marketing, Sales, Product and Engineering, so the ability to present data through a business-oriented lens is critical.  Responsibilities: Design, develop, maintain and administer Microsoft Power BI or Tableau dashboards. Work with business partners to identify, prioritize, clearly define and document analytical needs, while maintaining perspective on the core KPIs used to measure the business. Deliver robust analyses and forecast models to business leaders in Finance, Marketing, Sales, Product and Engineering in an intuitive and digestible format to inform vital business decisions. Mine and manipulate significant data sets for the purpose of gleaning actionable strategic and operational insights. Identify and assess impact of proposed product/process/methodology changes to systems from a reporting & analysis perspective. Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Data Science, Information Systems, Computer Science, Business, Economics, Mathematics. Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Power BI and Tableau, with significant experience in excel. Proven analytical and quantitative skills with ability to create visualizations, develop forecast models, calculate complex KPIs, conduct statistical analysis and present complicated subject matter in a clear and concise manner. Experience with Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics or other web analytics tools. Takes initiative, knows what needs to be done and executes with a sense of urgency, discipline and focus in an autonomous manner. #LI-ME1 #LI-REMOTE Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law. View the EEO is the Law poster here and its supplement here. View the pay transparency policy here.  We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified candidates and employees. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to acquisitiont@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.
Summary Posted: Jun 1, 2021 Role Number:200234268 Play a role in advancing the most sophisticated and scalable consumer-facing virtual assistant and AI systems in existence! Implement systems to deliver a reliable user experience across the latest groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing and artificial intelligence. Key Qualifications Expertise in managing distributed system observability, including health, telemetry, and logs. Knowledge of Linux, containerization systems, and public cloud infrastructure. Working understanding of Kubernetes operations and administration. Proven track record to use languages like Go, Python, or similar to simplify sophisticated problems. Description As a member of the AI/ML Production Engineering Team, you will contribute to systems that provide services for millions of Apple’s customers! Ensure all public facing services deliver on maximum uptimes by focusing on health monitoring and telemetry analysis from a variety of signals. Develop and maintain continuous integration and delivery pipelines for rapid iteration. Advocate for and mentor staff in operations best practices such as repeatability, observability, and monitoring. Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. Visit jobs.apple.com to learn more. If you do not consent to Apple storing your information in our system for Recruiting purposes, please reply to this email requesting deletion. For more information on Apple’s privacy policy please visit https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/ (https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/). We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. Education & Experience Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science or related field, or equivalent work experience. Additional Requirements Superb interpersonal skills, project prioritization, and ability to discern signal from noise. Experience working in all layers of network communications protocols.
We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: Both a data maven and a strategist with serious analytical and statistical chops who can architect and lead business transformation projects from start to finish. You know how to interrogate data to get insights to inform strategy and drive business optimization. Clients listen to you because you are a strong communicator and passionate problem-solver - and have the skill depth and moxie to back it up. The work: Co-create with clients to shape and sell project work; architect how to use Applied Intelligence capabilities to drive client transformation for industry or functional use casesDo data-driven storytelling through quant analysis, dashboards and datavizLead and manage teams to deliver transformative and innovative client projects on-time and on-budgetGuide teams on analytical and AI methods and approachesManage client relationships to foster trust, deliver value and build the Accenture brandDrive consulting practice innovation and thought leadership in your area of specialization  Here’s what you need: 1+ years using AI and data science and 2+ years of analytics to achieve business goals in Life Sciences – Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, Medical Technology, Generics, Distribution, and Consumer HealthcareMinimum of 1 years of strategy experience and working in a consulting capacity helping clients make their companies work betterBachelor’s or equivalent (minimum 12 years) experience in quantitative field, Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or related fields Bonus points if: Passionate, creative, and forward thinkingFamiliarity with using cloud services (AWS, Google, Azure) or Big Data tools (Hadoop, Hive, Spark) in data science solutionsDemonstrable knowledge in artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, and other relevant technical domains and possess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $125,999 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, citizenship, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, disability status, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Description At BASF , we create chemistry through the power of connected minds. By balancing economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility, we are building a more sustainable future through chemistry. As the world’s leading chemical company, we help our customers in nearly every industry meet the current and future needs of society through science and innovation. We achieve this through our commitment to continuous improvement and operational excellence, which gives us the opportunity to set and deliver on ambitious, long-term goals. We provide a challenging and rewarding work environment with a strong emphasis on process safety, as well as the safety of our employees and the communities we operate in and are always working to form the best team—especially from within, through an emphasis on lifelong learning and development. This allows for our employees to innovate and generate new ideas, put them into action, and gain insights from them to further advance our collective expertise. And we are constantly striving to become an even better place to work. BASF has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s Best Large Employers in 2021. Come join us on our journey to create solutions for a sustainable future! Quantum Computing Scientist (2101503) – Iselin, NJ Where the Chemistry Happens We are seeking a professional like you to serve as Quantum Computing Scientist in Iselin, NJ. Qualifications - BASF recognizes institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent Formula for Success Successfully engaging within and outside the organization, you will establish and coordinate collaborations with industrial and academic partners in the field of Next Generation Computing, specifically in the area of quantum computing. Contributing strong domain expertise in machine learning, optimization, statistics, mathematics, or quantum computing, you will make internal and external multi-disciplinary collaborations a success. Leveraging your PhD education and training in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Chemistry, Engineering or a related discipline and your machine learning, statistics, deep learning or optimization, you will be responsible for the preparation and pre-processing of relevant use cases, as well as post-processing of quantum computing results using state-of-the-art classical computing approaches and emerging quantum technologies (e.g. NISQ and beyond). Your strong programming and algorithm development skills in modern languages such as Python will be essential as you (co-)develop and apply quantum computing methods, algorithms, and workflows to solve relevant use cases. Demonstrating your technical skills, you will be responsible for the comparison of different quantum computing and state-of-the-art classical computing approaches to assess feasibility and determine the best approaches to realize business-value driven use cases. Your experience in quantum computing (particularly in related software libraries and toolkits such as Qiskit, Cirq, Pyquil, Pennylane), as well as software libraries related to annealing or quantum inspired will enable you to make software solutions for relevant use cases available to the broader machine learning, optimization and next generation computing communities at BASF. Your fluency in spoken and written English (fluency in German or additional languages a plus) will serve you well as you document and disseminate project results in the form of talks, reports, and publications. Being motivated to work in an interdisciplinary, cross-functional environment, as well as willingness to constantly learn in a quickly evolving and challenging field, you will build up further competencies by following the latest developments in the quickly evolving field of quantum computing. Working as a creative, highly motivated, communicative and open-minded team player, you will propose new ideas on exploring further use cases in the broader context of Next Generation Computing, including but not limited to leveraging public funding opportunities. Create Your Own Chemistry: What We Offer You Adding value to our customers begins with adding value to you. You@BASF is the suite of benefits, perks, programs and unique opportunities we offer to support you—the whole you—in all stages of your life and career. With you@BASF, you create your own chemistry. The total rewards that you receive as a BASF employee go way beyond a paycheck. From competitive health and insurance plans, to robust retirement benefits that include company-matching contributions, to making sure you never stop learning, we believe investing in you is investing in our success. Working for a large, global organization, you’ll have a chance to grow professionally and personally, expand your network and build a rewarding and dynamic career. BASF provides interesting and challenging learning and development opportunities to help you make the most of your talents and your job.
Location: San Jose, CA, Irving, TX Post Date: 08-Jan-2018 Salary: DOE What You’ll Do As a member of this dynamic and fast-paced team, you will perform cross-functional data engineering and analysis in a big data environment. Specific responsibilities include:  Collect and organize data requirements and processes Work with data engineers to ensure the availability of accurate and timely data Perform impact assessment and deep-dive analysis in collaboration with stakeholders to ensure data integrity, consistency, usability, and completeness Write SQL for data support for business processes and ETL in Hadoop Identify patterns and trends and communicate them to stakeholders Assess usability of new data sources Apply statistical analysis to quantify impact of business processes. Extract patterns and actionable insights from data.  Top Skills Required  Demonstrate ability and job history of  Predictive Analytics Modeling of Predictive Analytics Statistics Background SQL, HADOOP and SPARK Experience  Qualification  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent Strong statistical foundation including descriptive analysis and hypothesis testing Creative problem solver – ability to identify and analyze complex patterns Effective communicator with both technical and non-technical audiences. Proficient in SQL and at least one programming (or scripting) language SPARK, HADOOP
Summary Posted: Jul 9, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200259247 Apple’s GPU Compute and Advance Rending team provides a suite of high performance GPU algorithms and computation graph for developers inside and outside of Apple for iOS, macOS and tvOS. Team is passionate about providing acceleration for machine learning frameworks like TensorFlow & PyTorch, and algorithms across machine learning, linear algebra, image processing and ray tracing on Apple’s GPUs. We are always looking for exceptionally hardworking individuals to grow our outstanding team. Key Qualifications Proven programming and problem solving skills Good understanding of machine learning fundamentals Experience with system level programming and computer architecture Strong communication and teamwork skills Description Our team is looking for an engineering manager to lead the team responsible for building and maintaining GPU acceleration support for machine learning frameworks like TensorFlow and PyTorch, and collaborating with driver, compiler, metal frameworks and hardware groups to provide the best acceleration of ML Training on current and future HW. The ideal candidate would have previous technical leadership experience, Machine Learning experience, understanding of GPU architecture, and be willing to learn about new technologies. Education & Experience BS or MS Degree or equivalent experience. Additional RequirementsExperience with machine learning libraries (TensorFlow. PyTorch); adding runt time and computation graph support is a plusExperience with high performance parallel programming, GPU programming experience a plus
Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: We are actively seeking a Data Scientist to join the Product Catalog Data team at our Boulder, Colorado office. Job Description: We are actively seeking a Data Scientist to join the Product Catalog Data team at our Boulder, Colorado office. About the Team: The Product Catalog Data team’s mission is to catalog the shoppable internet for Honey. The PCD team is part of the broader Product Catalog team and is responsible for the quality and availability of data that serves a host of Honey products, including Droplist, Offers, and Tips. With hundreds of millions of products in its datastores, and an aggressive scaling strategy as it integrates more with Paypal’s products, doing so requires sophisticated techniques for data intelligence as well. The PCD team therefore includes a mix of data engineers and data scientists, working together to build a clear and accurate view of the products available across the internet. About the Role: As a Data Scientist on the Product Catalog Data team, you'll work closely with the team engineers and the catalog’s massive datastores to produce and deploy models for understanding things like observation prioritizations, relationships between products, and product lifecycle. Your contribution will impact how Honey provides a better way to buy online and make money more fair for everyone. What You'll Do: As a Data Scientist on the Product Catalog Data team at Honey, you will: Perform exploratory data analyses and bring together datasets from across Honey over its lifetime to power insights for machine learning models Research, develop and build machine learning models based on evolving product needs and requirements Partner with engineering to deploy models to and automate learning on a data pipeline that will soon scale to billions of merchant products Own and refine outcomes on models that accommodate an ever-changing landscape of merchant websites across the internet Work with data scientists across Honey to build tools and set best practices for automating and transforming data at scale About You: You enjoy working in a team environment and love a good discussion held on the facts You have effective written and verbal communication skills You are capable of working in a mix of remote environments and in-person You have a master’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or a related quantitative field; or you have a BS and a significant track record (5+ years) working on a data team You have experience in deploying models to production environments at scale behind either an API or in stream (bonus points for both!) You have proven work experience with machine learning on large datasets, using R, Python, Jupyter notebooks, or related software You have a solid understanding of statistical and machine learning models, including assumptions and limitations You have the ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment You love learning and seek opportunities for mentorship because of what it can teach you Nice-to-Have Qualifications: PhD degree in a quantitative discipline Passion for online shopping (or at least like a deal) Experience with web search technology, product crawlers and/or ecommerce Understanding of functional languages like scala At Honey, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive company. We seek to create a culture where everyone can belong because we believe that people do their best work when they can show up every day as their authentic selves. We seek people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. Colorado Only: The pay range for this position in Colorado starts at $121,000.00 per year, plus annual bonus. We take into consideration an individual’s background and experience in determining final salary. All PayPal employees are shareholders in our Company, so equity is part of our total compensation plan. This role is also eligible for health insurance, stock purchase plans, retirement savings benefits, stock awards, life insurance and disability benefits, and paid time off for sick leave, parental leave, vacation, and PTO. To learn more visit paypalbenefits.com. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location.  We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
Position summary Carpenter Technology is looking for a data scientist intern to train, validate, and manage machine learning solutions to expedite its digital transformation. You will be responsible for assisting the entirety of ML model suite that address quality issues across the Carpenter production and process for all the business lines. With 130+ years industry leadership in specialty alloy products for EOM applications and additive manufacturing, Carpenter is harnessing industry 4.0 to drive next generation innovation. We are seeking highly motivated students with data science/statistics expertise to join our team. Location Philadelphia, PA Primary responsibilities Apply data science techniques to massive structured / unstructured data sets across multiple environments to discover patterns and solve strategic / tactical business problems – process improvement, yield improvement, and product development. Familiar with statistical and machine learning models for detecting root causes in process and yield variability. Machine learning algorithms will be exercised are – Logit, probit, complementary log-log regression, Random Forest, GBMs such as XGBoost, AdaBoost, CatBoost, LightGBM, RusBoost, AveBoost, ORBoost, SMOTEBoost, Support Vector Machines, KNNs, MLP Neural Net, Convolutional Neural Net. Assist to develop prescriptions with actionable and controllable recipes for critical process variables from model parameters with baseline performance and estimated performance upon implementation of model prescriptions. Assist to conduct experiment for observational data to identify the factors associated with cost of poor quality and process variability Assist to develop anomaly detection models such as iForest, Local Outlier Factor, GMM, one class SVM, etc. to identify anomalous behavior in critical process inputs for both batch and stream processing. Assist to manage machine learning model life cycle through documentation, version control, model presentation, model audit, back testing, forward testing, benchmarking with the help of performance metrics. Drive the collection, cleansing, processing, and analysis of new and existing data sources Report findings through appropriate outputs and visualizations tailored for the intended audiences Generate innovative ideas, establish new research directions, and shape the information strategy in support of technical projects and new product developments Requirements & skills Candidates must be in their pre-final year/graduate of Bachelor or Master or PhD (or Recent Graduate) in computer science, mathematics, statistics, operations research, or related field Familiarity with model building, validation, and testing Knowledge of database query language (SQL) and scripting language (Python) are mandatory Strong knowledge of other programming languages and analysis tools (e.g., Scala, Java, Ruby, JavaScript, shell scripting) Familiarity with cloud-based solutions (e.g., Azure, AWS EMR) Strong understanding of data profiling and data cleansing techniques Natural curiosity and passion for empirical research and problem solving US citizen or green card holder (due to compliance requirements) Carpenter Technology Company offers a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package including life, medical, dental, vision, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, 401k with company contributions as well as many other options to employees. Carpenter Technology Corporation’s policy is to fully and effectively maintain a program of equal employment opportunity and nondiscrimination for all employees, to employ affirmative action for all protected classes, and to recruit and develop the best qualified persons available regardless of age, race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, political affiliation or any other characteristic protected by law. The Company also will recruit, develop and provide opportunities for qualified persons with disabilities and protected veterans.
If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account. Company Overview At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security.  Department Overview The Applied Technology organization puts some of Motorola Solutions' brightest minds on unique, highly challenging projects. Based on decades of experience with our customers, we apply leading-edge technologies to support security and safety throughout the world. We engineer our products from start to finish and manufacture them in-house. We're known for low volume and high capability with focused specialization in areas including software-defined radios, advanced antenna solutions, artificial intelligence and machine learning, cybersecurity, signals intelligence and more. We can't tell you much more about what we do, but we can tell you it's amazing.  Job Description Applied Technology is seeking an experienced software engineer that specializes in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to solve real world problems. The candidate will join a diverse team to develop cutting edge wireless communication solutions around state of the art Software Defined Radios. The projects center on small, agile groups of independent and motivated individuals to create proof-of-concept and low-volume specialty communications products for government and private industry. Candidates for this position encompass excellent programming skills building efficient edge based and scalable products. Ideal candidates have a diverse knowledge, continuously evolve with technology to adapt skills, and have a wide variety of interests. Hands on experience in embedded software development and wireless communications is especially preferred. Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to obtain necessary security clearance as required by government contract. Some contracts may have higher-level clearance requirements. Daily Responsibilities: Apply AI/ML techniques to rapidly develop and mature product concepts and introduce new solutions. Build and train models,analyze data, and optimize performance. Collaborate with multidisciplinary product development teams to develop new features, improve performance, and refine solutions and deliver products. Perform duties in all areas of development (i.e. requirements analysis, high and low-level design, coding, model training and evaluation, documentation, real world testing, and validation). Hands-on interaction with product hardware for developing and debugging. Preferred Qualifications: Experience with GPU programming with CUDA, OpenCL and/or GPU-based software acceleration libraries. Flexible, results-oriented problem-solver who requires minimal supervision. Projects can vary greatly from one to the next, so you must thrive on variety and enjoy taking on new challenges. Knowledge and willingness to learn wireless communication technologies (GSM, CDMA, UMTS, LTE, 5G, LMR, TETRA, etc.). Ability to meaningfully communicate with members of all engineering disciplines (Hardware, RF, Software, FPGA, etc), as well as management. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent understanding of real-time embedded software design and proficiency in Linux, C, C++, Python and other software languages and operating systems. Agile software development and/or Git/JIRA experience is a plus. #AppliedTech  Basic Requirements Bachelor's (BS) or Master's (MS) degree, preferably in Computer Science or related technical field. Experience programming in C or C++ or Python Experience with AI/ML frameworks and libraries (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe, MXNet, NumPy, Pandas, scikit-learn) and knowledge of neural network fundamentals. Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to obtain necessary security clearance as required by government contract. Some contracts may have higher-level clearance requirements.  Travel Requirements None  Relocation Provided None  Position Type Experienced  Referral Payment Plan No Our U.S. Benefits include: Incentive Bonus Plans Medical, Dental, Vision benefits effective Day 1 401K with Company Match and Day 1 vesting 9 Paid Holidays Generous Paid Time Off Packages Employee Stock Purchase Plan Paid Parental & Family Leave and more!  EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic.
Fast paced Fintech company is looking for a lead data scientist.You will be actively analyzing and optimizing the data for a fast growing group of business development representatives.We have a great environment for motivated and practical data scientists who would like the opportunity to see results from their work almost instantly.If interested please send your resume. Pay is competitive and the opportunity for growth based on your performance is second to none.Job Type: Full-timePay: $78,191.00 - $184,801.00 per yearBenefits:Health insurancePaid time offSchedule:8 hour shiftApplication Question(s):Please describe your previous experience in data science and how it was applied?Education:Master's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Lead ML Engineer SaaS Start-Up $180,000 - $200,000 plus equity New York, New York Are you an experienced Machine Learning Engineer with prior experience as a Software Engineer? If so, then this role at an exciting Software as a Service company could be the role for you! This awesome startup is growing rapidly, and they are looking to build out their Machine Learning team. They are starting this process by hiring their Lead Machine Learning Engineer to assist in building out the rest of the team and its vision going forward. THE COMPANY This startup is a Software as a Service company that has focused on resource planning for small/mid-sized companies. They have seen their sales grow by 30% month-on-month for the past several months. As a result, they are now expanding to working with larger companies and are helping with enterprise-level problems. They are looking to find a Lead Machine Learning Engineer that will help to lay the future of the AI/ML teams. Alongside managing the team, you will also help to build it out by bringing in junior members. RESPONSIBILITIES Building Machine Learning components on top of recommendations, suggestions, and timeline predictions Text extracting using NLP. Provide useable platforms/information as needed for clients. Hands-on End-to-end Machine Learning Building the platform Managing the rest of the team SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Masters or Ph.D. in Computer Science or relevant field. Background as a Software Engineer Commercial experience with Machine Learning and AI platforms. Experience building Machine Learning models Extensive commercial experience Experience with Python is required. GCP, NodeJS, and Ruby on Rails are a plus. BENEFITS Compensation is flexible depending on experience. Equity is available on top of the base salary. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your CV via the Apply link on this page. KEY TERMS Software Engineer, Data Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, AI, Python, NLP, Software as a service
Summary Posted: Mar 4, 2021 Role Number:200129334 Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, natural language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Text-to-Speech (TTS) Engineer team at Apple. The Siri team is looking for exceptional engineers passionate about delighting customer’s experience, by producing cutting edge applications and technologies. The AI/ML - Siri Text-to-Speech (TTS) team is looking for exceptional Machine Learning Engineers passionate about delivering delightful customer experiences with Siri voices and expand to new applications. The opportunities include developing a cutting edge run-time system, pushing the envelope on machine learning based natural language processing in TTS and deploying AI/ML models to benefit millions of users. Position can be located in US or UK. Key Qualifications Expertise in various facets of ML and NLP, such as conversational dialogue systems, natural language generation, question-answering, information retrieval, and text summarization Knowledge of and hands-on experience with common ML frameworks Strong programming skills with proven experience crafting, prototyping, and delivering advanced algorithmic solutions A passion for making ML methods robust and scalable Ability to explain and present analyses and machine learning concepts to a broad technical audience Be able to deliver ML technologies aligned with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, innovation, and respect for user privacy Creative, collaborative, and innovation focused Description As a member the AI/ML - Siri Text-to-Speech (TTS) team at Apple, you will use your deep understanding of natural language processing, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to tackle meaningful technical problems, collaborate with the most innovative product development teams in the world, and transfer your ideas into solutions in the next generation of Apple products. You will perform fundamental research by defining, designing, implementing and evaluating algorithms involving unrivaled data and objectives. You will also actively engage with the academic community by collaborating with universities, publishing and presenting your work, and attending conferences. Education & Experience PhD in Machine Learning, Computer Science, or related fields.
Talos IO was originally founded to help the US Government combat violent extremism on social media. As we've grown the scope and scale of our work, we've learned that most organizations, both in the public and private sector, have yet to fully realize the speed and scale at which they can broadcast their narratives on social media platforms.  We are looking for a developer to join a dedicated team of two co-Founders in improving upon an existing Natural Language Generation platform. Initially, this position lead the next generation development of our platform. As Talos grows, our lead developer will play an integral part in attracting talent and building a tech team to meet the objectives of our Technology Roadmap.  Talos is seeking someone who is passionate about our mission and likes working in a flat and fast-paced environment. We emphasize radical honesty and open lines of communication. We want someone with the skills, the passion, and the desire to make an impact - regardless of education or experience.
Austin, Denver, New York, Seattle, Washington DC or Remote  Do you want to empower organizations to fairly and equitably hire, promote, retain and compensate their employees? Syndio is a technology company committed to fairness in the workplace. Fueled by 2020 investments of $24M from Bessemer Ventures, Voyager Capital and social change organization Emerson Collective, Syndio is investing in growing our team and products.  Are you looking to join a fast-paced start-up where you can contribute meaningful work that drives the business forward? We are looking for a self-motivated Senior Data Scientist with a passion for developing and testing models that help us close the pay gap. As the premier pay equity software company, innovation is our lifeblood and we want someone to join us in the journey of discovering what new possibilities data science can unlock.  Role Responsibilities: Research, build, test and improve predictive models leveraged in Syndio’s software product. Independently run data science projects end-to-end, while also directing and reviewing data scientific work and products from other team members. Collaborate on the iterative development of the data science roadmap. Partner with the Product & Development teams to ensure both statistical and systematic accuracy in the product. Support testing and revising models within the context of product requirements with detailed implementation plans and participating in design and development as needed. Work closely with the marketing, sales, analytics, and product teams to plan and execute the delivery of research and software products utilizing effective and efficient scalable technologies. Overall responsibility for reviewing and improving data science work including bug documentation and reporting. Overall responsibility for statistical review and development consistently with existing framework.  Role Progression: Within 1 month, you will complete a comprehensive onboarding plan and will be able to fully understand math and method for our products  Within 6 months, you will be directly supporting R&D, building & testing models for product features, and making a substantial contribution in your day to day.  About you: Fluency in statistics (parametric and non-parametric testing, OLS, decomposition of variance), high comfort and competence generating and interpreting statistical analysis, graphs and data; Experience with data visualization tools Fluency in one or more of the following (for the purpose of developing and testing machine learning models and statistical models): R, Python, Stata. Fluency and confidence in building and deploying recommendation engine systems based in AI/ML/NLP, including classification. Strong attention to detail; organizational skills, responsiveness, and ability to translate from data/stats/math to non-statisticians. Enjoys and thrives working in a dynamic team environment, requiring flexibility and willingness to go above and beyond for customers and team members when the need arises—doing so proactively. Passion about Syndio’s mission to close pay gaps and pay everyone fairly and equitably.  Employees joining the Syndio team at this early stage of growth will impact this critical social issue and support a growing customer base (including Nordstrom, General Mills, Match Group, and others) to take tangible action on workplace fairness.  At Syndio, you’ll receive a competitive salary, bonuses, equity, and many more benefits! As part of our commitment to fair pay, we’ll never ask your salary history. We’ll share the salary range for this position with you during our first conversation.  Syndio is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are building an inclusive and collaborative workplace as we grow, and we welcome team members regardless of gender/identity, sexual orientation, race or cultural background, religion, physical disability and age.
Bioinformatics Analyst - Data Scientists  Job ID: req1171 Employee Type: exempt full-time Facility: Rockville: 9605 MedCtrDr Location: 9605 Medical Center Drive, Rockville, MD 20850 USA  The Frederick National Laboratory is a Federally Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) sponsored by the National Cancer Institute (NCI) and operated by Leidos Biomedical Research, Inc. The lab addresses some of the most urgent and intractable problems in the biomedical sciences in cancer and AIDS, drug development and first-in-human clinical trials, applications of nanotechnology in medicine, and rapid response to emerging threats of infectious diseases.  Our core values of accountability, compassion, collaboration, dedication, integrity, and versatility serve as a guidepost for how we do our work every day in serving the public’s interest. Position Overview:  PROGRAM DESCRIPTION  The Frederick National Laboratory is dedicated to improving human health through the discovery and innovation in the biomedical sciences, focusing on cancer, AIDS and emerging infectious diseases. With leading science and technology, the laboratory performs basic research, supports clinical trials and drug development, develops and applies next-generation technologies to solve applied problems while serving as a national resource of high-tech facilities, while also effectively responding to emerging health threats.  The Biomedical Informatics and Data Science (BIDS) directorate works collaboratively and helps to fulfill the mission of Frederick National Laboratory in the areas of biomedical informatics and data science by developing and applying world leading data science and computing technologies to basic and applied biomedical research challenges, supporting critical operations, developing and delivering national data resources, and employing leading-edge software and data science to effectively enable and advance clinical trials.  The Strategic and Data Sciences Initiatives group in BIDS works collaboratively to continue to accelerate cancer research with a focus on increasingly effective use of data and scalable computing while guiding development of future computational infrastructure and workforce capabilities needed to address key cancer research challenges.  KEY ROLES/RESPONSIBILITIES  Bioinformatics Analyst  Responsible for the analysis of bioinformatics data through the use of machine learning techniques, computational methods, and cloud resources to facilitate analysis such as next generation sequencing, functional genomics data, drug data, natural language processing, molecular dynamics simulations, and image processing Provides expertise and guidance for data integration and data aggregation across multiple data types and data sources Contributes with educational material and expertise for training initiatives across the program Contributes to development and testing of data science workflows implemented on High Performance Computing and Cloud systems  BASIC QUALIFICATIONS  To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below:  Bachelor’s, Master’s or PhD from an accredited college or university according to the Council for Higher Education Accreditation in areas related to life science, computer science, data science, or biomedical informatics. (Additional qualifying experience may be substituted for the required education), and Experience working in clinical/bioinformatics projects with a strong background in programming (e.g. Python, R, Perl, bash) Working knowledge of bioinformatics methods and data formats (e.g., NGS, medical images, NLP, structural biology, molecular dynamic simulations, etc. ) and experience working with Ph.D. and M.D. researchers Hands-on experience working with various life sciences research data and metadata including proteomics, genomics, image analysis, and clinical data Self-motivated and willing to learn and explore technology Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance  PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS  Candidates with these desired skills will be given preferential consideration:  PhD preferred with degree in life sciences, computational sciences, or data sciences Experience with application of machine learning / deep learning methods for medical data Experience with cloud environment e.g. AWS, Azure or Google Cloud Knowledge of scientific workflows development (e.g. Snakemake, Nextflow, CWL, etc.) Experience with use of containers (e.g., Docker, Singularity, etc.)  This position description does not represent a specific job but represents a sourcing announcement for current and future open positions. Our positions span a wide range of skills, so candidates who express an interest may be considered for upcoming positions at Frederick National Laboratory for Cancer Research. Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) | Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran (M/F/D/V) | Drug Free Workplace (DFW)  #readytowork
Market Research Analyst IQVIA is a global human data science company focused on the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry. We are committed to providing solutions that enable healthcare companies to innovate with confidence, maximize opportunities and, ultimately, drive healthcare forward. We do this via breakthroughs in insights, technology, analytics and human intelligence that bring the advances in data science together with the possibilities of human science. Custom Research Group The Custom Research group within IQVIA provides rapid, convenient, and effective communication between pharmaceutical companies, healthcare professionals and patients. We conduct market research studies and use secondary data to address critical strategic and tactical business questions faced by our biopharmaceutical clients. We employ a wide variety of methodologies to best address client objectives. Outstanding strategic thinking, analytical skills, and communication skills are essential to our business. Why join our team? At IQVIA, you will be working alongside other professionals who are passionate about healthcare and driving decision making using data and analytics. We are on the cutting edge of primary research, offering our clients unique, integrative solutions that are essential to their business. As a group, we value excellence, team and individual growth, and collaboration. We have clear pathways for career development, and you will have access to a plethora of opportunities with the larger IQVIA organization. You will have exposure to a variety of therapeutic areas, clients, and methodologies / capabilities. Job Summary: We are seeking bright, motivated candidates for a full-time Market Research Analyst position. The Market Research Analyst will be responsible for assisting senior management and clients in project execution. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Help define market research survey tools (questionnaires and discussion guides) that meet client and business objectives Conduct accurate and high quality analyses with focus on answering client questions and business objectives Select and produce data visualizations that clearly and effectively depict results so that our clients can easily digest the information and act on it Manage vendors and cross-functional teams to achieve end goals Aid in the creation of final presentations with insights, analyses, and recommendations Research potential clients in preparation for sales and marketing meetings Contribute to the department with activities like recruiting, training, building firm knowledge, improving processes, and other internal initiatives Skills & Abilities: Communicates confidently in a clear, concise, and articulate manner Builds relationships and trust with colleagues and clients Proven analytical and problem solving skills Takes ownership and is proactive in learning and delivering excellence Expertise in Excel, PowerPoint, and other Microsoft applications Ability to manage multiple projects effectively with strong prioritization skills Ability to learn quickly and work independently with minimum guidance Ability to exercise judgment and work in a fast paced environment Ability to be a team player and effective communicator Qualifications: Advanced degree (Bachelor’s or Master’s) Right to work in the US without Company sponsorship (preferred) Excellent conversational and written English Willingness to travel Market research and/or pharmaceutical industry experience a plus, but not required At IQVIA, we believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. The advanced analytics, technology solutions and contract research services we provide to the life sciences industry are made possible by our 67,000+ employees around the world who apply their insight, curiosity and intellectual courage every step of the way. Learn more at jobs.iqvia.com. IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.
At Bloomberg, our products are fueled by powerful information. We combine data and context to paint the whole picture for our clients, around the clock - from around the world.  Bloomberg's evaluated pricing service, BVAL, provides increased transparency through accurate pricing of fixed income and derivatives instruments. Mutual funds, money managers, hedge funds, internal pricing groups, and auditors rely on BVAL to establish fair and independent fixed income asset valuations.  The Role  The BVAL Data Architecture team is a small, cross-functional team within BVAL. Our goal is to drive data and evidence based decision-making to benefit our clients and to enhance our products. We are seeking a data scientist to assist us in extracting valuable insight from BVAL"s high quality pricing data, create an inventory of the data needed to drive our business processes forward, and partner with our quantitative team on building new data models. The ideal candidate will combine technical data science traits with good business acumen.  Who are you?  An autonomous, creative data scientist/architect who loves technology, is endlessly curious, aggressively inquisitive, and an advocate for best practice  A systems thinker who can conceive and portray the big data picture, while understanding how to break a larger problem down into smaller pieces that can be solved independently  We'll trust you to:  Design and launch (Minimum Viable Product) MVPs, proof-of-concepts for business process and workflow optimization Identify strategic data/workflow gaps in our BVAL ecosystem and advocate for new technologies and techniques Work together with Product, Quants, Engineering teams, and domain experts to help shape product strategy and execution roadmap Build intuitive data visualizations to communicate information and to answer business questions Balance hands on work with a desire to keep up with trends.  You"ll need to have:  Programming skills in an analysis language (eg. Python, R) and knowledge of open source data analysis and/or machine learning libraries Understanding of large scale, distributed analysis systems (e.g., Spark, Hive) with an ability to understand large systems with minimal documentation Experience using data visualization tools such as Tableau or QlikSense Strong analytical abilities with passion for data and evidence based decision-making Good understanding of system development life cycle and software project management approaches Bachelor"s or master"s degree in computer science, statistics, engineering, or a closely related field  We"d love to see:  Systems thinkers - an interest or a natural preference to think about system architecture and how things work together Understanding of bond structures, fixed income analytics and pricing methods Direct or indirect experience working with finance professionals in a time-sensitive environment Knowledge of the Bloomberg terminal  If this sounds like you:  Apply if you think we're a good match and we'll get in touch with you to let you know next steps.
Our client is a data science technology and media company that uses data science to deliver unparalleled business outcomes to its client base. They are looking for a Data Analyst to join their client-facing team. This dynamic Data Analyst will be responsible for providing insights and recommendations to external customers on how to improve their advertising campaigns moving forward to better achieve their desired outcomes. The ideal candidate is analytical and quantitative, has knowledge of digital media (or ability to learn quickly), entry level programming skills (or intent to learn), knows how to build strong relationships, and creatively solve problems. Day-to-day will include: Analyzing and reporting on digital media campaigns Facilitating the generation of renewed deals with analytical storytelling Collaborating with Sales and Account Management to understand the genesis of deals Partner with Media Strategy to complete the feedback loop of learnings from end to end Complete Ad Hoc analysis requests from external customers Innovate and create new ways to communicate media performance  Requirements Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field 1-2 years of work experience in an analytics function and media Passionate about continued learning and improvement in skills Comfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment Willingness to collaborate with people across all departments Outstanding communication and presentation ability internally and externally Proficiency to Advanced level skills Microsoft Excel Proficiency in creating quality Microsoft PowerPoint presentations
We are looking for a world-class Data Visualization Specialist to join our remote-first and globally distributed team at Crunch.io—the platform for collaborative data analysis. In this role, you will be working with a team of data scientists, industry experts, market research organizations, designers, and engineers; creating cutting-edge data visualizations for companies ranging from small-to-medium sized businesses to Fortune 500 organizations. This remote position reports to our VP of Product and will work closely with our Senior Director of Analytics and Product, Design, and Engineering teams.  Primary Responsibilities  Able to design/develop industry-leading data visualizations based on an understanding of common and more fine-grained data visualization/representation challenges, data problems, and eventually; relating to the use cases of our current/prospective customers. Understands the tradeoffs between graphics paradigms and speaking multiple visualization grammars, and how they relate to the data we have and that we’re trying to represent. (Recognizing that we have scales and what it means when these data oppose each other on different axis.) In this role, you will lead data-driven decisionmaking with the team about which languages, frameworks, and libraries we should use to visualize customer data that is best matched to the twin challenges of exploratory data analysis and analytic presentation. Cultivate your knowledge and ours, and help educate our team in your areas of expertise. Bring a critical eye to our work, and patience to refine it with us until we meet your standards.  Must Haves  Deep domain expertise of data science, statistical analysis, and data visualization Adept at interacting with JSON REST APIs with standard tools (e.g., Postman) A generalist with working knowledge of data visualization libraries and packages used today: Python (SciPy/NumPy/pandas, Seaborn, Bokeh, etc.), R (ggplot2, grid), and JavaScript (D3.js, Vega, Plotly), etc. Fluency with a Git/GitHub version control workflow (though not primarily a coding role, you’ll work closely with our team of developers) Comfortable in a remote-first and internationally-distributed startup environment: Able to figure out what questions to ask and how to get answers Familiarity with Slack, Zoom, Google Meet, and similar Flexible scheduling across time zones  Nice to Haves  Able to travel globally a few times a year for company retreats and design sessions (recent locations include Montréal, Punta Cana, and Warsaw) You’re inspired by data visualization pioneers including Florence Nightingale and W.E.B. Du Bois; Cleveland, Tufte, the Wickhams, Heer, and Bostock Interest in machine learning and statistical computing Time zone / work hours amenable to working closely with US-based Product team
Position Requires a Top Secret (TS/SCI) Clearance with a Polygraph.  This role uses Data Science and engineering techniques to satisfy customer requirements. This role evaluates and uses algorithms for Natural Language Process (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Machine Learning (ML). This role uses large data sets to perform entity resolution and extraction for work products and creates models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. This role collaborates across a team of Data Scientists, Data Administrators, and Data Engineers to produce work products.  Estimated Salary: Position Level: Level 4 – Full Performance Salary Range: Up to $150,000.00 per year  B4Corp Estimated Salary Ranges: Position Level Min Salary Max Salary Level 1 – Subject Matter Expert $160,000 $215,000 Level 2 – Expert $140,000 $195,000 Level 3 – Senior $110,000 $170,000 Level 4 – Full Performance $60,000 $100,000  Mandatory Requirements:  Job Description  This role uses Data Science and Engineering techniques to satisfy customer requirements. This role evaluates and uses algorithms for Natural Language Processing (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Machine Learning (ML). This role develops scripts, notebooks or applications (using Python or Java and associated libraries or frameworks: Scikit-Learn, Numpy, Tensorflow, Pytorch, Spark, Spark MLlib, H20.ai, etc.) that utilize, collect, aggregate and clean large data sets to perform analysis, clustering, entity resolution and structured information extraction for work products. Models are trained and refined using these tools and evaluated for effectiveness using appropriate criteria/metrics for the task. This role collaborates across a team of Senior Data Scientists, Data Administrators, Software and Data Engineers to produce work products.  Primary Responsibilities This role supports creation of designs and method, process, and system development to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including big data sources.This role will concentrate on data, pattern identification and analysis. As such will evaluate capabilities and analysis in Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, predictive modeling, statistical analysis and hypothesis testingThis role develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, query techniques, model complex business problems, and automated processes to cleanse, integrate, and evaluate datasets.Works with cross-discipline teams to ensure connectivity between various data sources and business problems.Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations.This role develops algorithms and analytical techniques to improve business performance.Will research and explore emerging analytics and big-data technologies.  Basic Qualifications Master’s degree in engineering, computer science, or other related technical field or Bachelor’s degree in a business or management-related field accompanied by experience managing technical requirements in complex programs.Candidate must have experience in Machine LearningExperience with developing Random Forests decision trees and subsequent analysis.Experience with Splunk and deployment methodologiesExperience with negotiating complex scenarios and challenges and devising courses of action to resolve situations with predictable outcomes.  Candidate must have Bachelors with 4-8 years of prior relevant experience or Masters with 2-6 years of prior relevant experience. Candidate must have an active TS/SCI with polygraph.  Preferred Qualifications Experience with R and MapReduce  Optional Requirements:  B4CORP Company Information  B4Corp is a small defense contracting company that focuses on providing an optimum environment for mission-focused, highly-skilled consultants to support the United States of America’s intelligence community and other defense organizations. B4Corp provides a low overhead, highly efficient, high salary environment that allows employees to excel at meeting the client’s needs. B4Corp is looking for information technology professionals that have a high sense of personal responsibility, self-motivation, and mission drive.  B4Corp’s dedication and care for its employees is reflected in the outstanding compensation and benefits B4Corp provides. Our salaries are second to none. B4Corp’s benefits reflect the company’s policy of putting the employees first. Our health insurance demonstrates this with 100% employer coverage and providing employees with a plan that has $0 copay, 0% coinsurance and an HSA that can allow employees to accrue health savings for the future. B4Corp’s maximum flexibility comp / makeup time policy, along with the company’s cafeteria-style benefit plan that allows employees to maximize their benefit dollars, reflects B4Corp’s commitment to its employees.  Compensation:  Outstanding Salaries  Retirement:  Full Vanguard 401k Plan – Featuring a full scope of investment options – 100% employer matched contribution up to 6% of employee’s salary – Ability to max out 401k savings $57k ($63.5k if over 50) Employees receive B4Corp phantom stock each year (2-year vesting period)  Insurance 100% Employer-Paid Premiums:  United Health Care Choice Plus HSA POS Gold 1500 w/HSA – Employer funded HSA to cover 100% health care deductible – Health insurance: $0 copay, $0 co-insurance. Full scope protection for you and your family! – 100% employer premium coverage for single and family Health Equity HSA – B4Corp contributes $1500.00 for single and $3000.00 for family into your Health Equity HSA to cover 100% of your health care deductible. Mutual of Omaha Dental VSP Vision Insurance Mutual of Omaha short-term disability (60% of salary up to $2,000.00/week) Mutual of Omaha long-term disability (60% of salary up to $10,000.00/month) Mutual of Omaha life insurance ($200,000.00)  Employee Referral Bonus:  Refer a friend or a coworker and receive $2,000 per year for every year the person works for B4CORP  Paid Time Off (PTO):  Seven weeks of leave per year (including ten federal holidays) Ability to purchase 2 additional weeks of vacation Flexible work schedule with comp time (with customer approval)  Tuition and Training:  Free CBTNuggets Online Training Account – More than 200 online IT courses on a large variety of topics, including networking, security, virtualization, and the cloud — from trusted vendors such as Cisco, Microsoft, and Google. – Train anytime, anywhere, and on a variety of devices – even offline! – Transcender® Practice Exams – Virtual Labs Free L inux Academy Online Training Account  Internal Tracking -R1084
Who We Are: Orthos is an orthopedic business office data monitoring and analytics platform that minimizes cost and lost revenue for practices and facilities and ensures accurate billing, coding, and reimbursement through advanced technology and artificial intelligence.Position Overview: Orthos is hiring Business Analysts who are passionate about analyzing and interpreting data to help our clients (healthcare practices and facilities) make smarter, data-driven decisions that drive growth. Successful Business Analysts are excellent communicators with a perfect blend of business acumen/industry knowledge, technical and analytical skills, and values-driven dedication to our purpose and clients.Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Work directly with clients throughout the entire life cycle of a project: from understanding their business challenges through data collection, data analysis, and presentation of results and recommendations Identify, analyze, and interpret data trends and patterns in complex data sets; extract key insights, recommendations and conclusions; and communicate those points succinctlyDefine data requirements and gather and validate information, applying judgment and statistical testsDevelop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and qualityPerform data analysis using cutting-edge data science and data visualization software; identify trends and patterns; extract key insights, recommendations, and conclusions; and communicate those points succinctlyAnalyze results, review data for anomalies, investigate to identify and determine causes, and correct data inaccuracies and inconsistencies as necessaryPrepare and present reports for executive-level clients with compelling visualizations that effectively summarize data findings and lay out key insights, recommendations, and conclusionsHelp design, document, and maintain quality assurance testing, issue monitoring, reporting, alert requirements and automation of tasksDevelop and document processes to support best practice analysesIdentify areas of opportunity to deliver better value to clientsPreferred Skills: Bachelor's Degree in Business, Information Management, Statistics or related fieldSharp technical skills/aptitude, complemented by business experience and industry knowledge (healthcare, medical data, electronic medical records, etc.)Previous experience maintaining databases, linking disparate datasets, defining data models, executing integrations with healthcare data a plus, but not requiredStrong analytical and statistical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyExperience analyzing data to draw business-relevant conclusionsFamiliarity or experience with data visualization techniques and tools;Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with an ability to communicate technical concepts in terms that a wide audience can understand, regardless of their technical aptitudeResourceful in getting things done, self-starter, and productive working independently or collaboratively- ours is a fast-pace entrepreneurial environment with performance expectations and deadlinesAbility to learn quickly and contribute ideas that make the team, processes, and solutions betterShare our values: playing it straight, finding the truth, working together, looking after patients, and building to last.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:One locationCompany's website:https://www.orthosinc.com/Benefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetings
Our client is a full service media agency that provides their clients with complete brand strategy, communications planning and activation across all traditional and emerging channels, including digital, social and mobile. These services include consumer insights. They are currently seeking to hire an Analytics Manager to join their team.  Salary/Hourly Rate:  Dependent on experience  Position Overview:  The Analytics Manager will oversee a small team of analysts. This group is at the center of many media planning processes and collaborates closely with all departments.  Responsibilities of the Analytics Manager: You will be responsible for pulling together the holistic data story across all media channels the client is activating on Typically heavy on digital data – Paid Search, Paid Social, Programmatic, Site Direct and native (handled by digital activation team), video (can be purchased programmatically or by activation team) Some accounts include TV, radio, OOH (esp digital OOH data), etc – omnichannel media mix would be inclusive of all channels Typically responsible for monthly and weekly/biweekly performance reporting and quarterly business reviews For most accounts, reporting is presented in a Tableau dashboard Leading and mentoring junior Analytics team members Outlining what we want to learn and picking the right metrics to look at Overseeing proper measurement setup and data processing Telling compelling stories with data Being curious to find better ways to help our clients through applied data science Partnering with internal teams, external partners and our clients Qualifications for the Analytics Manager: Advanced Excel is at the core of many workflows SQL is used to pull/query the data into our data warehouse Ad-servers and verification tools (i.e. DoubleClick, DoubleVerify) Demand Side Platforms (e.g. The Trade Desk) Site and app analytics (i.e. Google Analytics, Kochava)Social listening (e.g. Netbase) Data Management Platforms (e.g. Neustar) Education Requirements: Bachelor’s degree is required in a related field Master’s degree is a plus Benefits: Atrium Care package available, upon eligibility  As a woman owned firm, we value diversity. We are an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by law. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.  The post Analytics Manager appeared first on Atrium.
· Explore data, identify problems and develop analytical plans accordingly.· Write detailed specifications for analysis plans and data files. Apply descriptive and multivariate statistical methods.· Analyze data and interpret results to identify significant differences in relationships.· Evaluate sources of information to determine any limitation in terms of reliability or usability.· Evaluate procedures used to obtain data to ensure validity, applicability, efficiency and accuracy.· Identify relationships and trends in data, as well as any factors that could affect results.· Validate, manipulate and perform data analysis on large datasets and “big data”.· Interpret and present results in a way that allows for effective decision making.· Develop system and service line‐specific data models to aid descriptive and predictive analysis of the DHA patient population and healthcare system.· Develop, maintain and utilize data management techniques such as relational databases to manage the flow of information between organizations and various information systems within the DHA, MHS or other Government agencies, where appropriate.· Build predictive models using a variety of statistical, established and innovative, techniques.· Assess and continually monitor the performance of predictive models and the impact on related outcomes.· Develop automatic generation of standard updates covering modeling and performance metrics.· Test and evaluate new software packages.· Provide consultation to clients or colleagues.Vanguard Solutions & Analytics supports some of the most complex Healthcare, Defense, and Intelligence projects across the country. We transform the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate solutions. We bring the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions with a commitment to innovation and integrity.Vanguard Solutions & Analytics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $100,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceSchedule:Day shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Yes
Summary Posted: May 3, 2021 Role Number:200166605 Apple Special Projects Group is seeking software engineers to develop scalable machine learning approaches for autonomous systems. You will directly contribute to ML approaches using rich data. You will work closely with specialists across high-performance computing, machine learning, and autonomous system development to identify needs and deliver new capabilities. You will share every stage of development from concept to deployment. JOB SUMMARY - Build and integrate end to end lifecycles of large-scale, distributed machine learning systems using the latest open source technologies - Build software that improves your rate of experimentation and helps you make better decisions about what to try next - Train, evaluate, and debug deep learning models for complex tasks - Develop tools and services for improving ML systems beyond modeling choices — data distribution editing, data quality improvements, and representation learning with self-supervision - Improve distributed cloud GPU training approaches for deep learning models - Collaborate with engineers across functions to solve complex data problems at scale - Identify and evaluate new patterns and technologies to improve performance, maintainability and elegance of our machine learning systems - Lead technical projects to completion. Communicate with peers to build requirements and track progress - Mentor fellow engineers in your areas of expertise - Contribute to a team culture that values effective collaboration, technical perfection, and innovation Key Qualifications Significant full-time experience building end to end data systems as an ML Engineer, Platform Engineer, or equivalent Solid software engineering skills in complex, multi-language systems. Fluency in Python. Experience working with cloud data processing technologies (Spark, Dask, ElasticSearch, Presto, SQL, etc.) Expertise in ML algorithms and top practices for working with deep learning systems Proficiency with ML modeling frameworks (PyTorch, Tensorflow, etc.) Ability to serve as a technical lead — building technical requirements, software design, implementation, and clear communication Strong overall software development approach. You deliver clean, well-tested code. Description We are a team of hardworking engineers and researchers with deep experience in robotics, machine learning, and software engineering. We work on exciting new technologies and balance exploration of new problems with result-driven project planning and execution. In our daily work, the team stays effective, productive, and fun by sharing some key values: Passion for the mission: We’re here to make something extraordinary. We seek whatever work is right and strive for the best possible results. Modesty: The right answer is more significant than being right. We search for solutions as a team and value clear-eyed feedback. Lean habits: You can’t grow without limits. Time constraints and big goals encourage us to sharpen our focus and learn to make phenomenal decisions. Education & Experience Bachelors, Masters, or PhD Degree in Computer Science/Machine Learning or equivalent professional experience.
Python Developer - With Data Science ExperienceC2CPosition is with Cognizant and so should not have a submission with them in the last 3 months. if you applied, don't apply now.Job Type: Full-timePay: $35.00 - $56.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Doctorate (Preferred)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:No
Trend Health Partners is currently seeking analysts to assist clients in revenue cycle reconciliation from remote work locations in Iowa. The Claims Analyst will be responsible for researching and analyzing healthcare data, systems, and documents in order to develop new concepts or apply existing concepts to identify claim overpayments. This is a great opportunity to join a dynamic, employee-owned consulting company which values its employees. We offer a comprehensive compensation package which includes competitive salaries, flexible work options, highly valued health insurance, 401(k) with employer match, tuition reimbursement, parental leave, and much more: Role and Responsibilities Acquire knowledge of the client’s claim adjudication system, member and provider contracts, and client claim payment policies and procedures Assist clients in identifying, validating and recovering claim overpayments Validate claims to ensure the accuracy of algorithms and that no refund has previously been posted to the client’s system. Identify new overpayment opportunities through review and research Interpret and analyze data to accurately assess and demonstrate key insights into trends and opportunities Research potential new ideas and follow algorithm development process Provide feedback to Management regarding inventory levels, algorithm effectiveness, and new ideas Assist new Analysts as needed while maintaining high quality and production results Assist with Quality Review process Qualifications and Educational Requirements Bachelor’s degree in accounting, business, healthcare or a related field Equivalent work experience in a similar position may be substituted for educational requirement High school diploma or equivalent required Excellent computer skills and proficient in Excel Strong analytical skills Excellent written and oral communication skills Preferred Skills Experience with medical claims processing
Are you a forward-thinking and curious Bioinformatician/Data Scientist with skills in large scale omic analysis? Do you also want to improve the way we discover and develop medicines? If yes, we invite you to join us at AstraZeneca!  We have several openings for a motivated Bioinformaticians/Data Scientists who can bring new knowledge and innovative ways of working to join our Bioinformatics Immunology team. In this role you will join our Translational Science and Experimental Medicine (TSEM) department with an open and collaborative atmosphere - and a culture that is both science-based and patient-focused.  Be encouraged and supported to think creatively in our dynamic environment. Here we are free from fear of failure, free to ask the right questions and make bold decisions. We harness digital, data science & AI to fast-forward our research. Making sure work born in a lab can make a real difference. Everyday, impacting patients’ lives across the world.  The positions will be placed at AstraZeneca either in Gothenburg (Sweden), Gaithersburg (US) or Cambridge (UK).  What you will do: In this role, you will work in a highly cross-functional and thriving environment together with specialist in sequencing, immunological disease, as well as data science & bioinformatics experts. You will be using e.g. machine learning techniques and network biology to integrate and analyse omic and clinical data to deliver precision medicine within immunology drug development, as well as identify novel patient groups through data mining of large cohort omic data sets. Utilisation of e.g. knowledge graphs to identify life-cycle management indications is also included in the role.  Essential in the role:  You will apply your great skills in large scale omic analysis, with an emphasis on analysing dynamic omic sets to derive biological insight and you have a PhD or equivalent in computer science, bioinformatics, life sciences, statistics, mathematics or another similar subject area. A basic knowledge level in life sciences from University courses will be a minimum requirement.  We also believe you have: Track record of applying bioinformatic analysis to drive projects in drug discovery or development in an academic or industrial setting. Broad experience applying ML methods such as random forests, clustering, dimensionality reduction in a systems biology or systems medicine context. Programming proficiency and experience with relevant software tools such as R or Python, version control (Git/Bitbucket), and databases (SQL as well as NoSQL). Good understanding of network biology and data integration. Our team is a collaborative group, so the ability to be comfortable working in a goal-oriented way, with a team focused approach is central to be successful in the role. Furthermore, you have great communication skills, a high degree of independence and a proactive and delivery focused approach.  Desirable in the role: Working in a Linux environment, with experience of cluster or cloud computing (e.g. AWS or Azure). Post-doc experience or otherwise relevant data science research experience. Experience in pharmaceutical R&D and knowledge of relevant disease areas, and experience in precision medicine. Why AstraZeneca? AstraZeneca is a global, innovation-driven BioPharmaceutical business that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialisation of prescription medicines for some of the world’s most serious disease. But we’re more than one of the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies. At AstraZeneca, it is safe to share and learn from each other – ours is an inclusive environment. Where difference is recognised and uniqueness is valued.  Does this sound like the place and position for you? Send in your application today!  If you’re curious to know more about the position, please reach out to hiring manager Daniel Muthas at Daniel.muthas@astrazeneca.com.  We welcome your application as soon as possible from today 13th July, 2021, but send it to us no later than 8th August, 2021.  Where can I find out more? Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/ Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en Read more about BioPharmaceuticals R&D: https://www.astrazeneca.com/r-d.html NOTE – Due to summer vacation our communication may be a bit delayed, but will get back with an update on your application later on in August. Thanks in advance for your patience and understanding.  This position entitles competitive salary and benefits package on offer.
Benefits Medical, Dental, and vision plans 401(k) retirement plan Flexible vacation policy – take what you need Paid parental leave Tuition Reimbursement Program Free access to gym at both locations Training and development opportunities at cutting edge data-science conferences across the country Collaborative and exciting work culture – work with people you’ll love Opportunities to grow quickly and work with experts in the industry and with clients that are industry giants Limited travel – especially compared to other consulting companies Opportunity to work at a company where your opinion matters – we value data over tenure and stress the importance of an inclusive environment Unlimited access to Coursera courses both for personal and professional development Fun team building off-sites and opportunities – we ensure that we support our collaborative culture by getting the whole team together multiple times throughout the year Our data scientists leverage elite modeling and industry context to develop custom, practical solutions to our client’s business problems. Their ability to understand, navigate, and manipulate a range of complex data structures enable them to work within our client’s environments to optimally structure their data for analysis. Through collaboration, they identify the most effective algorithms and modeling techniques to solve each client’s problem. Ideal data scientists have a Bachelors or Masters in a quantitative field and several years of work experience in a relevant field. Data Scientists must be able to work seamlessly with different types and qualities of data and be able to work backward from a deep understanding of the business problem to develop the appropriate models. Complete fluency in a statistical package such as Python (preferred), SAS, or R is required. Experience and comfort in an analytically intense environment is preferred, though not required.
Summary Posted: Jul 19, 2021 Role Number:200268552 At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. If you are an ambitious, high-energy individual who is not afraid of challenges, we’re looking for you. Apple is seeking a specialist Data Scientist to join a team passionate about Data Science & Analytics for the Apple App Store and understanding search and discovery. This role will involve working with Internet-scale search data on the App Store, undertaking in-depth quantitative analysis and building machine learning models to drive product and strategy. The team’s culture centers around rapid iteration with open feedback and debate along the way, plus strong collaboration with product, engineering, business, and marketing partners. Key Qualifications Demonstrated ability in a Data Scientist or Data Analyst role, preferably from a role passionate about search and discovery. Domain knowledge in music, mobile apps, or video content is a plus. Strong proficiency with SQL-based languages. Experience with large scale analytics technologies such as Hadoop and Spark preferred. Experience with Python, R or comparable language. Familiarity with data visualization tools (such as Tableau) for full-stack data analysis, insight synthesis and presentation. Experience using relevant statistical and machine learning methods for building predictive models and knowledge of A/B test experimentation design and analysis. Curious business attitude with an ability to condense complex concepts and analysis into clear and concise takeaways that drive action. Excellent communication, social and presentation skills with meticulous attention to detail. Strong leadership skills with the ability to handle work to tight deadlines and the pressure of executive requests. Description Dive deep into large-scale data to uncover trends and identify key insights that will drive App Store product and design strategy. Craft how best to monitor, measure and understand product and business performance around search and discovery. Collaborate with business, marketing, finance and executive teams to generate regular presentations for C-level. Partner with other Apple organizations on data gathering, data governance, evangelizing key performance indicators and democratizing data. Your creative skills will be utilized daily Education & Experience Minimum of a Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics or related field. Ideally, Masters or PhD in related field
POSITION PURPOSE The Associate Data Scientist is responsible for supporting data science initiatives that drive business profitability, increased efficiencies and improved customer experience. This role works closely with Data Scientists and/or Sr. Data Scientists in their team to develop solutions by applying advanced analytics methods and algorithms for identifying trends and providing business solutions. Based on the specific data science team, this role may need to develop skills in one or more data science specializations, such as optimization, computer vision, recommendation, search or NLP.  As an Associate Data Scientist, you will develop skills that effectively leverage data science methodologies to creatively solve business problems and provide strategic insights. This requires effective communication skills as well as continuous learning and development at both the technical and business level.  MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITIES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES 70% Solution Development - Design and develop algorithms and models to use against large datasets to create business insights; Supports data science projects by conducting effective analysis to solve business problems; Executes tasks with high levels of efficiency and quality; Consults with Data Scientist or Sr. Data Scientist on appropriate selection, utilization and interpretation of advanced analytical methodologies; Learn about the assigned business areas to provide better solutions by incorporating business-specific knowledge  20% Communicating Results - Effectively communicate insights and recommendations to both technical and non-technical audience; Support preparation of reports, updates and/or presentations related to progress made on a project or solution; Highlights potential impacts of recommendations to drive alignment and appropriate implementation  10% Technical Learning - Keep up to date on industry trends, best practices and emerging methodologies; Continually develop skills and expertise in data analytics concepts and methodologies; Identify opportunities to apply learnings   NATURE AND SCOPE This position reports to a Manager This position has 0 direct reports   ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS Environment: Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.  Travel:  No travel required.MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Must be eighteen years of age or older. Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.  Education Required: The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.  Years of Relevant Work Experience: 1 year  Physical Requirements: Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.  Additional Qualifications: Basic knowledge or exposure to predictive modeling, data mining and data analysis   Preferred Qualifications: Master's degree in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Math, Statistics, etc.) or equivalent work experience 3+ years of experience in business intelligence and analytics Working knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Power Point Experience in a modern scripting language (preferably Python) Experience running queries against data (preferably with Google BigQuery or SQL) Experience in predictive modeling, data mining and data analysis Experience with data visualization software (preferably Tableau) Experience utilizing statistical techniques to identify key insights that help solve business problems Basic knowledge or exposure to Prescriptive Modeling like optimization, computer vision, recommendation, search or NLP  Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Action Oriented: Taking on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm Business Insight: Applying knowledge of the business and the marketplace to advance the organization's goals Collaborates: Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives Communicates Effectively: Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences Customer Focus: Building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric solutions Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances Nimble Learning: Actively learning through experimentation when tackling new problems, using both successes and failures as learning fodder Optimizes Work Processes: Knowing the most efficient and effective processes to get things done, with a focus on continuous improvement Plans and Aligns: Planning and prioritizing work to meet commitments aligned with organizational goals Self-Development: Actively seeking new ways to grow and be challenged using both formal and informal development channels
Location: 71 Hanover Road, Florham Park, NJ 07932  Position Summary: The Small Business Services (SBS) Principal Data Scientist will be responsible for the design, planning and execution of major data science and analytics initiatives which span the enterprise and drive measurable business outcomes. Their focus will on development, validation and business adoption of statistical and machine learning models to identify trends within structured, semi-structured and time-series data; all heavily leveraging our existing big data infrastructure, making use of leading edge analytical approaches. This individual will be a senior member of the SBS Data Insight team , a highly collaborative team, which provides data science and deep analytics expertise to solve the most challenging business problems here at SBS ADP. Unlock Your Career Potential: Technology at ADP . Do you enjoy exploring, identifying and inspiring the future of the workplace and the lives of millions of people? At ADP, the world's largest B2B cloud company, our Technology team is comprised of brilliant engineers, architects, data scientists, infrastructure experts, and more. We were first in our industry to offer a SaaS solution and continue to push the envelope utilizing the latest operating platforms to deliver the highly automated, intelligent and predictive solutions that are redefining what is possible. Named one of Forbes' " Most Innovative Companies " and one of Computerworld's " 100 Best Places to Work in IT ", we are committed to leading the way in product development and research, empowering you to bring to life the latest innovations that will forever change the way businesses manage their most vital asset, employees.  We strive for every interaction to be driven by our CORE values: Insightful Expertise, Integrity is Everything, Service Excellence, Inspiring Innovation, Each Person Counts, Results-Driven, & Social Responsibility. Qualifications: Education & Certification: An advanced degree in computer science or equivalent subject, PhD preferred. Track record in designing and delivering useful, consumer-oriented big data and machine learning applications Track record in top-tier publications (e.g., NIPS, ICML, T-PAMI, ACL, ICDM, AAAI , etc.) Foundational knowledge about statistics and computational probability . Strong foundational knowledge and experience with Machine Learning and Data Mining such as Kernel machines, ensemble learning, deep learning, regularization theory Active and semi-supervised learning Transfer learning Clustering Feature selection and dimension reduction Statistical analysis and hypothesis tests Strong knowledge and experience with NLP such as POS tagging, chunking, named entity recognition, parsing, sentiment analysis, topic detection, etc. Strong knowledge and experience with recommendation such as learning to rank, collaborative filter, etc. Solid knowledge on numeric computation and scientific optimization including linear programming, convex programming, dynamic programming, etc. Experience with OO and functional languages (e.g. Scala, Python, etc.) Experience with big data framework (e.g., Hadoop, Spark, etc.) Experience with scientific computing packages and machine/deep learning libraries (e.g., scikit-learn, tensorflow, pytorch, deeplearning4j, h2o.ai, spark ML, etc.) Experience with data visualizations Experience with NLP libraries (e.g., nltk, corenlp, etc.) Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Define how analytics solution will be constructed: which existing will be integrated, how they will be integrated and what gaps in capability need to be filled. Serves as design authority at a project level by understanding the business goals and technology constraints and designing appropriate solutions that create measurable impact to business. Extract, merge, clean and normalize large-scale data from disparate sources in preparation for exploratory data analysis, model building and validation -- within a big data environment. Develop, validate ML classification, regression models using Python or similar in order to directly answer business needs, and to positively impact business operations. Prepare appropriate data visualizations and presentations to highlight findings and recommendations for both a technical and executive audience. Promote a unified approach leveraging existing data sets and efforts while also ensuring collaboration throughout the organization to ensure adoption and common standard approach Establish credibility as a trusted advisor to key stakeholders across the enterprise in order to drive business actions and outcomes based on results of your analysis. Apply good business and financial acumen to create and assess business cases. Implement appropriate mechanisms to track, measure the business impact of your work. ________________ req 186040 #LITECH #LI-JT1 Explore our COVID-19 page https://tech.adp.com/covid19/ to understand how ADP is approaching safety, travel, the hiring interview process, and more. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Equal Employment Opportunity at ADP: ADP affirms that inequality is detrimental to our associates, our clients, and the communities we serve. Our goal is to impact lasting change through our actions. Together, we unite for equality and equity. ADP is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of any protected characteristic, including race, color, genetic information, creed, national origin, religion, sex, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, lawful alien status, ancestry, age, marital status, or protected veteran status and will not discriminate against anyone on the basis of a disability. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualifications, experience, ability, and job performance. Ethics at ADP: ADP has a long, proud history of conducting business with the highest ethical standards and full compliance with all applicable laws. We also expect our people to uphold our values with the highest level of integrity and behave in a manner that fosters an honest and respectful workplace. Click https://jobs.adp.com/life-at-adp/ to learn more about ADP’s culture and our full set of values.
Summary Posted: May 17, 2021 Role Number:200248945 Great battery life and device performance are critical for Apple products. Would you like to help with quantitative analysis and modeling of high dimensional data to draw insights that would impact hundreds of millions of users? Does the idea of developing software to analyze battery life and system performance excite you? If this describes you, we would love to hear from you! Key Qualifications Strong statistical analysis and machine learning skills Experience with data analytics and visualization Strong coding skills and software development experience Strong analytical thinking to solve challenging problems Growth mindset and ability to work independently Excellent spoken and written communication skills Description We're looking for a motivated and agile software engineer with excellent analytics, machine learning, software development, problem solving and communication skills. You will need to analyze high dimensional data to derive meaningful insights. You will also be developing software, ML and analytics infrastructure for streamlined analysis of large datasets. To be successful in this role, you must have a strong foundation in statistical analysis and the ability to apply it to real world problems to draw sound conclusions. You must also have a strong software engineering background and be able to write production level code. As a member of this team, you will have the opportunity to provide meaningful insights to teams across Apple on a broad range of products. Education & Experience M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, or equivalent Additional Requirements Preferred skills and experience:Experience with programming languages like Python, C, C++ or JavaExperience in relational database technologies such as Postgres and SQLiteProficiency in distributed compute technologies such as Spark and SplunkStrong understanding of software systems
We are looking for a highly confident and motivated Data Analyst – Team Lead to join our growing tech hub in Sofia. We are building a new team that will be an integral part of the Data Science function at Fourth. The latter will work closely with the Data Science and Business Intelligence teams who are fully focused on provisioning our customers with high fidelity insights and forecasts based on their business data. Responsibilities: Undertake and deliver data related projects, working with the Data Science and the Business Intelligence team to gather requirementsUse data to create valuable insightsHelp coach peers on how to interpret and effectively use the data available to themUndertake ad-hoc activities such as data auditing and or creating reports where requiredAccountable for being aware of the team’s day to day operationsResponsible for observing, sustaining, improving morale and motivating the teamResponsible for the team members’ career development and individual performance Requirements: Experience with data and analytics frameworks such as BI tools and data managementPython skillsSQL skillsAbility to lead and mentor othersAbility to capture, decompose and present information clearlyStrong analytical skills and a keen eye for detailProficiency in English, spoken and written Benefits and Culture: 25+ days off, as well as birthday day off and 4 charity days off per yearFlexible start and end of the working day and hybrid working mode, including a combination remote and in the officePersonal career development plan, learning paths and mentorshipTeam-centric atmosphereCompetitive salary package Encouraging healthy lifestyle and work-life balance including supplemental health insuranceNew parents bonus scheme Help us change an entire industry with an accelerated need for quick digital transformation. Join our tech hub in Sofia as Data Analyst - Team Lead. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration without discrimination because of sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, race, color, age, national origin, military status, religion, or disability or any other legally protected status. Only short-listed candidates will be contacted. All personal data provided by you in your application will be processed by Fourth Bulgaria EOOD, UIC 203576042, solely for our recruitment purposes. If you do not provide your personal data, Fourth Bulgaria EOOD will not be able to review your application. Fourth Bulgaria will transfer your personal data only within its corporate group and to companies which provide recruitment support to Fourth Bulgaria. Fourth Bulgaria will ensure you can exercise your rights to access, correction and erasure of your personal data. More information on Fourth Bulgaria’s privacy policy for job candidates is available here and by applying you confirm that you have read it.
Position Description:  Innovent Biologics is an international biotech company headquartered in Suzhou, China. Since its inception in 2011, it has launched 4 biologics products, TYVYT® (sintilimab injection), BYVASDA® (bevacizumab injection), SULINNO® (adalimumab injection), HALPRYZA® (rituximab injection) in Chinese market. Additionally, it has 16 assets in various stages of clinical trials and very robust pre-clinical pipelines covering diverse disease indications. Innovent Biologics is expanding its global reach rapidly with the vision of becoming a leading biopharmaceutical company in the world.  The newly established Innovent Biologics R&D center located in Rockville, Maryland is an integral part of the strategic expansion, and will play a critical role in delivering the next generation of Innovent’s biologics products to meet the needs of patients from around the world. We are inviting talented and passionate candidates to join us for this challenging and exciting journey. The following position is now open:  Scientist/Associate Scientist data science:  Job responsibilities: Optimize biologics lead discovery process alongside discovery platform team by enhancing high throughput screening and automation concept. Comfortable working with and maintaining state-of-art equipment related to discovery. Manage and process large quantities of data and report in the most informative fashion. Master cutting edge technologies such as NGS and single B cell platforms as related to target and lead identifications. Exercises good lab practice wherever applicable and report to supervisors in timely fashion. Contribute to document preparations such as IND and patent applications and manuscript submissions.  Innovent Biologics offers a competitive compensation package that includes salary, cash bonus, and a comprehensive benefits package. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.  Qualifications: Ph.D. in relevant disciplines with less than 5-year experience (scientist). M.S. and B.S. holders with appropriate experience can apply for the associate scientist position. Education in computer science not required but data management and processing skills are required. Experience or knowledge with biologics discovery is a plus. Past experience with NGS, either in Miseg sample preparation and machine running, or data processing is highly desirable. Good communication skills and function efficiently in a work environment that embraces diversity. High ethics standard and level of integrity. Commitment to work and corporate goals that will ultimately contribute to patient well-being.  Innovent Biologics offers a competitive compensation package that includes salary, cash bonus, and a comprehensive benefits package. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.  To Apply: Please apply by sending a brief cover letter and CV to Joyena Wang at joyena.wang@innoventbio.com. Must have authorization to work in the U.S.   Innovent Biologics is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Innovent Biologics is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
Strategic Modeling and Data Analyst, College of Engineering and Computing The George Mason University Office of the Dean, within the College of Engineering and Computing (CEC), is looking for a highly motivated, organized and people-oriented Strategic Modeling and Data Analyst. George Mason University has a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of excellence and diversity among its faculty and staff, and strongly encourages candidates to apply who will enrich Mason’s academic and culturally inclusive environment.   About the Department: The purpose of the CEC, Office of the Dean is to oversee all education, research, development, and administrative activities within the College by providing direction and structure and by working with the associate and assistant deans, individual department chairs, and center directors. The CEC leadership team consisting of the Dean, Interim Divisional Deans, Associate Deans, Department Chairs, and Program and Center Directors work closely in collaboration with the Offices of the President, Provost, and Senior Vice President of Administration to identify as many resources and opportunities for students within CEC.  About the Position: The Strategic Modeling and Data Analyst position is essential for the College of Engineering and Computing to be able to provide key stakeholders with the analyses needed to make data-informed strategic, operational, and tactical decisions. The position is expected to perform complex analysis, forecasting, and modeling by utilizing data from multiple internal and external sources. The Strategic Modeling and Data Analyst will report to the Director of Finance for CEC.  Responsibilities: Identify data needs and produce reports, dashboards and other data visualizations to be used in planning, analysis and dissemination of information; Develop and evaluate forecasting models that consider historical trends in student enrollment and retention, strategic goals, future job market demands, and budget implications; Support the data analysis and reporting requirements of the Break Through Tech Grant, a grant to propel more students who identify as women and non-binary into tech education—and ultimately tech careers—through curriculum innovation, career access, and community building; Assist the Chief Diversity Officer with data analysis and reporting to support implementation and reporting on the CEC Diversity and Inclusive Excellence Plan; Develop and maintain a calendar of regular data requests and reports to share with CEC stakeholders; Assess college data reporting processes and ensure college metrics are consistent with the Office of Institutional Effectiveness and Planning (OIEP); Assist in strategic planning, including defining objectives, implementation of activities to reach targets, and reporting.   Required Qualifications: Master’s degree in related field (Finance, Statistics, Data Analytics) or Bachelor’s degree with 5-8 years of experience; Proven understanding of forecast methodologies; Knowledge of statistical software and modeling techniques (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, SPSS, Excel); Demonstrated ability to develop and complete projects independently; Ability to manage multiple tasks, projects and details simultaneously; Ability to work independently and accomplish assignments on deadline; Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Proven ability to perform in-depth data analysis and present insights in a clear manner; High proficiency in utilizing Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint for data analysis and presentations.  Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of higher education environment; Familiarity with engineering accreditation organizations and requirements; Demonstrated experience working with college level or senior level assessment projects for a complex academic organization; Working knowledge of relevant data warehouses (e.g Banner, Microstrategy); Comfort and skill with public speaking; Experience with web-based data collection tools.  Mason Engineering: The Future of Engineering is Here The College of Engineering and Computing at George Mason University is comprised of the Volgenau School of Engineering and (effective June 1, 2021) a new School of Computing. The College is a fast-growing force for innovation in research and education. It boasts more than 8,600 students in 37 undergraduate, master’s, and doctoral degree programs, including several first-in-the-nation offerings. Of the 250 full-time faculty who comprise the School, 90 are tenured, 50 are tenure-track, 85 are instructional faculty, and 25 are research faculty. As part of a nationally ranked research university, its research teams expended more than $60 million in sponsored research awards last year and has projects with over $400 million in current and anticipated awards. Located in the heart of Northern Virginia’s technology corridor, Mason Engineering stands out for its research in many leading areas including artificial intelligence, data analytics engineering, cybersecurity engineering, biomedical imaging and devices, community-based healthcare, autonomous systems, 5G communications, systems architectures, computational biomedicine, advanced materials and manufacturing, sustainable infrastructure, and more. The School highly encourages multidisciplinary research and provides faculty with opportunities to work with other disciplines.  George Mason University is the largest public research university in Virginia, with an enrollment of over 38,000 students studying in over 200 degree programs. Mason is an innovative, entrepreneurial institution with national distinction in a range of academic fields. It was classified as an R1 research institution in 2016 by the Carnegie Classifications of Institutes of Higher Education. Mason is located in the city of Fairfax in Northern Virginia at the doorstep of the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area, with unmatched geographical access to a number of federal agencies and national laboratories. Northern Virginia is also home to one of the largest concentrations of high-tech firms in the nation, providing excellent opportunities for interaction with industry. Fairfax is consistently rated as being among the best places to live in the country and has an outstanding local public school system.  In conjunction with Amazon’s decision to establish a second headquarters in Northern Virginia, the Commonwealth of Virginia announced a multi-year plan to invest in the growth of degree programs in computing, and George Mason University has committed to accelerate its plans to grow its capacity in computing and high-tech fields. Among the exciting initiatives being undertaken by the university are the launch of the Institute for Digital InnovAtion, a university think tank and incubator to serve the digital economy, and the expansion of its Arlington Campus with a planned 400,000 square foot Digital InnovAtion Building. These initiatives reflect hundreds of millions of dollars in new investment by Mason that will rapidly elevate Mason’s already leading national position in computing and related areas. Special Instructions to Applicants For full consideration, applicants must complete the online application at https://jobs.gmu.edu/ for position number FA69Hz; and upload a cover letter, resume, a statement of what diversity and inclusion mean to you (as Other doc), and a list of three professional references with contact information. Full consideration will apply to applicants who submit their completed application by August 27, 2021; however, review of applications will continue until the position is filled. For Full Consideration, Apply by: August 27, 2021
Working Location: MASSACHUSETTS, WESTBOROUGH; PENNSYLVANIA, CENTER VALLEY Are you looking for a company that cares about people's lives and health, including yours? At Olympus, we help make people's lives healthier, safer and more fulfilling, every day.   Let's inspire healthier lives, together. Job Description As a Data Engineer, you will ingest, clean, link, transform, and store enriched data to be available for business & analytics teams. In this role, you will be responsible for designing, modelling, and maintaining data warehouses and data marts, maintaining and configuring data engineering and ETL tools (e. g., ODI, DataServices, SSIS), building data transformation pipelines, integrating and collaborating with ML and DS workflows. You will also collaborate with Data Scientists, aligning on analytics approach, feature engineering, preparing data for analysis, preparing insights for interpretation and visualization. You will work to connect customer data, sales information, digital interactions, predictive analytics and algorithms to align with Olympus' omnichannel strategies across multiple divisions and customer segmentations. Job Duties Explore data sources, assess data quality and linkability to compose a holistic landscape of data Act as a liaison between business and analytics teams and source systems to Improve data availability Interact with business & analytics teams and define how data needs to be structured for consumption Collect, blend and transform data using ETL tools, database management tools, frameworks, and code development (e.g. SQL, Python, Pandas, PySpark, Informatica, Azure Data Factory) Implement data models and structure data in ready-for consumption formats Perform aggregations on data across various warehousing models (e.g. OLAP cubes, star schemas) for analytical purposes Understand Feature Engineering for Data Science, e.g., raw attributes, aggregation features, look-back features, time-shifting Analyze sales, marketing, customer and digital data sets including - audience insights, personas, keyword research, messaging themes, competitive information and analytics to develop engaging content for email, web, social, digital campaigns, video, etc. that supports sales and marketing initiatives Create comprehensive documentation of dataset compilation, processes and methodologies Job Requirements REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:BS in Computer Science or equivalent education and experience Three (5) years+ of experience with data analysis and preparation, including considerable experience with large data sets of structured and unstructured data 1-2 years of experience in Software Engineering, preferably in data and/or analytics Mastery of SQL, relational theory, RDBMS- Strong experience in data architecture, data modelling, schema design (e.g., OLTP, OLAP, etc.) Experience in BigData platforms and frameworks (Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive) Strong experience coding in Python Experience and familiarity with at least one of the common cloud platforms (Azure, AWS, GCP) Familiarity with shell scripting (Bash)- Understand ML/DS algorithms and methodologies, e.g. linear regression, logistic regression, decision trees, clustering, optimization Solid business and collaboration skills, and responsive to service needs and operational demands We realize work isn't just a job to you. It's a big part of your life, but not the only part. That's why we offer competitive salaries, a robust 401(k) program, annual bonus program and comprehensive medical benefits, as well as tuition reimbursement, flexible schedules, parental and adoption leave, on-site services and Colleague Affinity Networks - so you can be ready for where life can take you. Olympus is passionate about the solutions it creates for the medical, life sciences, and industrial equipment industries, as well as cameras and audio products. For more than 100 years, Olympus has focused on making people's lives healthier, safer and more fulfilling by helping detect, prevent, and treat disease, furthering scientific research, ensuring public safety, and capturing images of the world. Olympus' Medical business uses innovative capabilities in medical technology, therapeutic intervention, and precision manufacturing to help healthcare professionals deliver diagnostic, therapeutic, and minimally invasive procedures to improve clinical outcomes, reduce overall costs, and enhance the quality of life for patients. Olympus' Medical portfolio includes endoscopes, laparoscopes, and video imaging systems, as well as surgical energy devices, system integration solutions, medical services, and a wide range of endotherapy instruments for endoscopic and therapeutic applications. For more information, visit www.olympus-global.com. Olympus...True To You. True To Society. True To LIFE. It is the policy of Olympus to extend equal employment and advancement opportunity to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, national origin (including language use restrictions), citizenship status, religious creed (including dress and grooming practices), age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth and/or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, marital status, disability (physical or mental) and/or a medical condition, genetic information, ancestry, veteran status or service in the uniformed services, and any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Posting Notes: || United States (US) || Massachusetts (US-MA) || Westborough ||
We are seeking an individual with training and knowledge in statistical design and analysis of experiments for applications in diagnostics and device development. Experience working with SAS and/or JMP software and strong statistical consulting skills are required. The successful candidate will work in close partnership with laboratory scientists and engineers to develop and implement fit-for-purpose study designs to enable robust decision making and timely delivery of project objectives. Willingness to understand laboratory methods and device development processes in order to better communicate with and educate scientists regarding statistical design is essential. The colleague will help develop and standardize experimental design protocols for various types of studies across several projects. They will also provide guidance on data collection and retrieval and may need to develop programs to allow individual scientists to generate their own analyses where appropriate. The colleague may also assist with other clinical and non-clinical projects, as needed, to meet departmental needs. Our department is highly collaborative, and colleagues are expected to actively participate in group meetings and follow standard departmental procedures to ensure that a common approach is taken to handling clinical and laboratory study data. The successful candidate must have excellent communication skills, the ability and desire to work with large, complex teams of scientists, and have the ability to work across multiple projects simultaneously. This role requires cross site support and occasional travel may be required. Education: PhD in Statistics (or related field with extensive training in statistical methods), preferably with 1-3 years industry experience MS in Statistics (or related field with extensive training in statistical methods) with 3 years of industry experience Essential Skills and Attributes: Knowledge of data handling and statistical analysis programming in PC-SAS and JMP Experience with statistical design and analysis of experiments Excellent oral and written communication skills and statistical consulting skills Ability to critically review scientific publications Highly organized, able to manage multiple simultaneous projects and significant attention to detail Works well in a team environment and consistently follows standard operational practices Desirable Skills and Attributes: Direct experience with statistical aspects of diagnostics kit development and validation in addition to a strong understanding of regulatory considerations in the diagnostics space is highly desirable. Full time Regular Colleague Zoetis is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status or any other protected classification. Disabled individuals are given an equal opportunity to use our online application system. We offer reasonable accommodations as an alternative if requested by an individual with a disability. Please contact Zoetis Colleague Services at zoetiscolleagueservices@zoetis.com to request an accommodation. Zoetis also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act. All applicants must possess or obtain authorization to work in the US for Zoetis. Zoetis retains sole and exclusive discretion to pursue sponsorship for the acquisition or maintenance of nonimmigrant status and employment eligibility, considering factors such as availability of qualified US workers. Individuals requiring sponsorship must disclose this fact. Please note that Zoetis seeks information related to job applications from candidates for jobs in the U.S. solely via the following: (1) our company website at www.Zoetis.com/careers site, or (2) via email to/from addresses using only the Zoetis domain of “@zoetis.com”. In addition, Zoetis does not use Google Hangout for any recruitment related activities. Any solicitation or request for information related to job applications with Zoetis via any other means and/or utilizing email addresses with any other domain should be disregarded. In addition, Zoetis will never ask candidates to make any type of personal financial investment related to gaining employment with Zoetis.
Dearborn Ford Motor Company Product Development Job Description & Qualifications At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation.  What you’ll be able to do: Leverage Connected Vehicle Data (Leading Customer Indicators) as a real-time data source to improve upon any early issues as well as to support proper prioritization on improving Traditional Quality Metrics; Become the Voice of the Customer within Enterprise Connectivity while maintaining a Customer-Centric Mindset and behavior at all times; Pro-Actively Drive investigations and take actions to deliver Traditional/Leading metrics towards Best-In-Class performance; Support creation of an up-to-date Quality Framework encompassing all Connectivity Features (such as: In Vehicle Infotainment Systems, Pre Launch, Over the Air Updates and Fleet); Ability to quickly benchmark (internally and externally) while establishing action plans on quality indicators, across all Connected Vehicle Features; Proactively identify and gather peer support to quickly solve any issues affecting both: Retail and Fleet Customers Critical Success Factors Maintain Leading and Traditional KPIs below yearly-established metrics Establish/Track actions to achieve Best In Class (BIC) metrics Submit monthly Quality reports to Quality Management with action plans Pro-actively address early rising customer facing issues by interacting real time data (using Operational Analytics dashboards and/or querying Ford Cloud data) as well as customer communication channels (CRC, App Stores, etc.) A passion for trouble shooting and thirst for gaining a deeper understanding of multiple technologies across a complex ecosystem Keep a clear communication channel on daily work/activities with Direct Supervisor/Peers, while maintaining resilience to balance among daily/weekly new demands   The minimum requirements we seek: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Data Science or related scientific field 1+ years of experience in handling Connected Vehicle related Quality concerns 1+ years of experience with translating Customer Issues and help Feature/Product Teams in translating into Design Standards 1+ years - Understand and apply failure mode avoidance methods including linkage such as Quality History, Interface Analysis, DFMEA, and Design Verification Plan. 1+ year of experience with querying and utilizing large datasets to prove/disprove theories/investigations; 1+ years of working experience with: Connected Vehicle cloud-based systems Smart phone Apps Wireless devices and networks Telematics Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity In-vehicle infotainment  Our preferred requirements: Master’s degree in Engineering and/or Data Science 1+ years of proven knowledge of Robust Engineering Fundamentals including P-Diagrams, Noise Factor Management Strategy and Robustness and Reliability Demonstration Monitor, prioritize and drive actions improve on traditional Quality Metrics: Net Promoter Score, Vehicles Repairs, JD Power, Customer Escalations, App Store Reviews, etc. Ability to be Data-Driven and make thorough usage of all Connected Vehicle Data; Ability to trace historical performance across all KPIs and clearly depict issues affecting Quality Metrics Ability to clearly communicate technical ideas/findings to a cross functional team  What you’ll receive in return:  As part of the Ford family, you’ll enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You’ll also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition.  If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we’d love to have you join us.  Visa sponsorship may be available for this position.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.  For information on Ford's salary and benefits, please visit: https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/careers/2021-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-1.pdf Auto req ID 46253BR State Michigan Skill Team Enterprise Connectivity (EC) Sub-Component Engineering
Cytel provides unrivaled biostatistics and operations research knowledge to our customers in the life sciences industries in the form of both software and services. At Cytel, we work hard to create successful careers with significant professional growth for our employees, as a result of which they work hard to make Cytel successful. Cytel is a place where talent, experience and integrity come together to advance the state of clinical development. Stat Programmer II Cytel Inc. is an Equal Employment / Affirmative Action Employer. Applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristics protected by law.  Cytel does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact Cytel’s human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to Cytel. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and Cytel. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of Cytel. Cytel shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies.
Description Huntington Bank is making a huge investment in AI and we’re looking for an expert to help us deploy at scale, as we use machine learning and AI to forge into the next generation of banking. We are reimagining how data is used across the bank to better serve our customers, support our communities, and make our colleagues lives better. Our goal is to be the Best performing Regional Bank in America, and we need data and analytics to meet that goal. As we advance our data science and analytics capabilities, we need someone who can help us understand the impact and value of our AI solutions. In this role, you’ll be the glue that brings together machine learning, system integration, and business impact to architect our learning agenda and measures the real impact of our solutions. You’ll combine an understanding of machine learning models with data visualization and storytelling, along with deep data skills to help Huntington test, develop, and deploy faster and with more customer and business impact. Key Responsibilities Lead the Design-Test-Analyze-Deploy testing and optimization process for our AI initiatives Architect testing plans that help differentiate the incremental impact of new capabilities Perform and confidently communicate statistical tests to show customer and enterprise effects Partner with line-of-business subject matter experts to perform pro forma financial analyses to prioritize upcoming work Plan and execute multiple analytic projects at once in response to business needs Synthesize findings into senior-level presentations that convey insights and recommendations through compelling storytelling, while maintaining a balance between the big picture and mastery of details Drive innovation and continual evolution of the development, deployment, and prioritization of AI solutions Basic Qualifications: Master’s degree in Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, or related field. 1 year of work experience in data mining models, structures, theories, principles, and practices, including machine learning, statistics, and text mining techniques 1 year of experience working with several programming languages, including R, Python, Spark, and others Preferred Qualifications: Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with a proven ability to interact effectively across all organizational levels Practical experience with creating data pipelines for regular reporting and dashboard visualizations Practical knowledge of natural language processing and machine learning techniques and concepts Progressive thinking and problem solving, with a strong ability to manage ambiguity/complexity Ability to work effectively in teams as well as independently across multiple tasks while meeting aggressive timelines Talent for inspiring high levels of professional demeanor and integrity EEO/AA Employer/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
Company Overview WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others. Business Unit Overview HBO Max is where storytelling takes center stage and where creatives find a home with the support and resources to do their best work, no matter the genre or format. Whatever the viewer wants to watch is front and center and more of what they crave is easily discovered. It is where our exclusive HBO Max Originals and iconic entertainment brands thrive, with HBO, Warner Bros., DC, Turner Classic Movies, Cartoon Network and more delivering the greatest array of series, movies and specials for audiences of all ages. HBO Max launched in the US in May 2020 and is scheduled to be in an additional 60 markets this year, launching in Latin America in June and followed by upgrades of HBO-branded streaming services in Europe. Opportunity Overview The Job  As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be part of a talented Machine Learning (ML) group focused on developing innovative machine learning algorithms, scalable ML systems, and HBO Max applications.  You will focus on developing and deploying engineering systems such as customer life cycle models, audience segmentation systems, personalization and recommender systems, search, experimentation, and content AI solutions to drive user experience and growth.  You will partner closely with product, engineering, content, marketing, and research stakeholders across WarnerMedia to identify ML opportunities, accelerate AI innovation, and ensure the delivery of impactful solutions for the business.  The Daily Work with data scientists, data engineers to design best-suited, robust, and scalable ML solutions and evaluate the deployed ML model’s effectiveness. Write robust production-level and well tested code and engage in code reviews. Deploy ML model pipelines, scale through Big Data, optimize performance and automate fail-over. Enhance our machine learning infrastructure and framework. Collaborate with other MLE teams to promote and contribute to shared services and libraries. Design and implement data pipelines and data quality controls. Raise the bar on SDLC and CI/CD practices.  The Essentials Technical education in Computer Science, Information Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience (Masters degree or higher preferred). Has relevant and hands-on experience in Machine Learning Engineering with a track record of building high quality, scalable and robust ML solutions. We will consider exceptional entry level candidates, Industry experience preferred. Has experience in incrementally building big data product and production pipelines to support product functionalities, data and analytic functions. Flexible and comfortable working in a dynamic team environment with a distributed organization and minimal process. Familiarity with the following technologies and frameworks is strongly preferred: ML Technologies: Spark, MxNet, TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn AWS stack with a specific focus on the following solutions: EMR, Glue, Sagemaker, ECS/EKS, Lambda, CloudWatch Data stack: Snowflake, Grafana, SQS/Kafka/Kinesis Proficient in Python and OOP languages like Java ML model pipelines, orchestration frameworks, micro-services architecture Familiarity with data science techniques is a plus. But Wait, There’s More! The Perks  Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screeningsPaid time off every year to volunteer for eligible employeesAccess to well-being tools, resources, and freebiesAccess to in-house learning and development resourcesPart of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law. Apply Now Division HBO Max Position Type Full Time Interests Big Data/Analytics, Engineering, Technology/Information Technology Location United States - California - Los Angeles, United States - New York - New York, United States - Washington - Seattle Posted Date Jul. 28, 2021 Req Number 187174BR
PointClickCare is the leading North American cloud-based healthcare software for the acute and long-term and post-acute care markets. For over 20 years, the company has held the same vision – to help the world care for vulnerable populations. Since its inception, PointClickCare has grown exponentially with over 1,700 employees today all working towards impacting the lives of millions. Recognized by Forbes as one of the Top 100 Private Cloud Companies and acknowledged by Waterstone Human Capital as Canada’s Most Admired Corporate Culture, PointClickCare leads the way in creating cloud-based software. With its recent acquisition of Collective Medical, PointClickCare solidifies its position as a high growth healthcare software provider, serving over 21,000 long-term and post-acute care providers and over 1,300 hospitals. Their shared mission to support vulnerable populations is allowing PointClickCare and Collective Medical to connect disparate points of care at scale faster than anyone else in the market. For more information on PointClickCare, please connect with us on Glassdoor and LinkedIn. This is a position with our Collective Medical team, located in Salt Lake, Utah. ***This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship*** We are looking for a Data Analyst to support our product and sales team. The Data Analyst will be responsible for leveraging customer product usage data, along with real-time and historical healthcare data to develop and track success metrics for new product features. In addition, the Data Analyst will work closely with product to meet their reporting and analytic needs as they investigate potential new product features. You will will work closely with the product team, along with the rest of the data science team in tracking product outcomes, helping our customers improve care coordination. The Data Analyst will prepare, analyze, and review health care data, interpret results and provide recommendations, and manage relationships with our internal and external partners.Respond to ad hoc analytic requests from internal and external customersVisualize data to develop a better understanding of our product usage data for our product teamCreate and maintain dashboards and other reporting tools to identify trends using data to drive the business to actionUnderstand and use the data warehouse and relational databasesEnsure accurate quality for deliverables by working with peers for appropriate levels of quality assurance Requirements Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) in data science, analytics, mathematics, statistics, public health, economics, social, social science, or actuarial science. Master’s degree or PhD preferred. Entry level experience related to analytics work or equivalent combination of education and experience Previous healthcare related industry experience a plus Experience with data mining and visualization tools such Python, R, SAS, Java, Tableau, as well as querying languages (SQL, etc.) Knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Ability to meet deadlines, work with tight schedules, and manage multiple priorities under minimum supervision Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong analysis skills Strong attention to detail Experience with cleaning, aggregating, and pre-processing data from varied sources. Experience creating complex SQL queries for standard as well as ad hoc data mining purposes. It is the policy of PointClickCare to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, religion, national origin, status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law. PointClickCare welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Please contact recruitment@pointclickcare.com should you require any accommodations. When you apply for a position, your information is processed and stored with Lever, in accordance with Lever’s Privacy Policy. We use this information to evaluate your candidacy for the posted position. We also store this information, and may use it in relation to future positions to which you apply, or which we believe may be relevant to you given your background. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it. If you have any questions about how PointClickCare uses or processes your information, or if you would like to ask to access, correct, or delete your information, please contact PointClickCare’s human resources team: recruitment@pointclickcare.com
There are over 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we’re all about at John Deere. And it’s why we’re investing in our people and our technology like never before! Here the world’s brightest minds are tackling the world’s biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we’ll put you to work. RIGHT NOW. Primary Location: United States (US) - Iowa - Waterloo Function: Data Science & Analytics Title: Part-Time Student-Smart Connected Factory/Data & Analytics-Remote Availability - 75120 The Part-Time Student Program is primarily designed to augment the Company’s regular full-time staff and is for students who work in parallel to their school schedule. Your Responsibilities Locates and acquires data from existing data locations as needed to support analytics and reporting. Organizes and cleans acquired data to remove quality issues and provides relevant information which may include developing samples used to create analytics models or reports. Performs analysis to address data quality issues and identifies automation opportunities in order to create standardized reports. Produces standard and ad hoc reports. Participates in creating analytics models by applying data knowledge throughout the modeling process to ensure the data is valid, accurate, and applicable for the intended usage. What You Need Ideally you will be pursuing a degree in Data and Analytics; others may apply Must be registered as a full-time student at an accredited university Graduation date of 2022 or later Cumulative GPA of 2.8 or above Telework position (not necessary to be on-site) What Makes You Stand Out Education focused in Data and Analytics Knowledge of statistical analysis and trend forecasting Programming skills necessary to create and maintain applications Knowledge of advanced data gathering and analysis techniques including statistical analysis What You'll Get At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package. The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines. John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
Viaduct is seeking a Data Scientist for a rapid growing organization in Buffalo, NY. The employee would provide services on medical and economic assessment to pharmaceutical and device companies. Studies are used to negotiate prices, to support reimbursement and market access strategies as well as a guide for future drug development. Other HEOR services include studies covering clinical and economic evaluation, quality of life and financial impact to healthcare systems. Deliverables include economic models, manuscripts and posters, budget impact models, protocols, CRFs and general guidance to clients during product development and post approval. The organization will provide training and experience across several lines of business on the industry side.  Required Skills / Qualification: Master Degree in Biostats, Mathematics or related Background in Biology/pharmacy or related field  Preferred Skills / Qualification: 1 years HEOR experience Communication Skills – being able to present and defend their own work Experience with SAS or Decision Tree (eg. Tree age) software preferred. Strong quantitative skills  Aleron companies (Acara Solutions, Aleron Shared Resources, Broadleaf Results, Lume Strategies, TalentRise, Viaduct, and Aleron's strategic partner, SDI) are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, sex, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. The Aleron companies welcome and encourage applications from diverse candidates, including people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for applicants taking part in all aspects of the selection process.  Applicants for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States. This position does not meet the employment requirements for individuals with F-1 OPT STEM work authorization status.
Who we are:  CIBO is a science-based software company focused on understanding agricultural ecosystems at a system level. We strive to solve some of our planet’s most important problems—including those related to soil health, nitrogen leaching, and carbon sequestration. Our culture is built on cross-disciplinary collaboration, learning, and rapid prototyping — be prepared to learn and invent with us! Software is a creative process and we welcome non-traditional and diverse candidates to apply. What we are building:  As an AgriBusiness Modeler at CIBO you’ll join a collaborative team of crop modelers, software  developers, data scientists, and agronomists, working to accelerate sustainable agriculture. You will  analyze data and build algorithms to support our core platform as we create, improve and scale  agricultural models. Your core responsibilities will be to develop and improve models for agricultural  income, land valuation, rental value, and other economic metrics. Our culture is built on  cross-disciplinary collaboration, learning, and rapid prototyping. CIBO is a science-based company,  so prepare to learn and create with us! We welcome non-traditional and diverse candidates to  apply. Qualifications:  MS (PhD preferred) in a quantitative field, such as Economics, Econometrics, Agricultural Economics, Statistics, or equivalent in experience Experience analyzing economic data and building predictive models Programming skills in at least one data science language (Python or R preferred) Ability to think broadly and creatively about real world problems and technical and scientific solutions that produce value for customers Excellent collaboration and communication skills   Bonus Qualifications:  Knowledge of agriculture and operational concerns Experience with geospatial statistics and modeling Knowledge of Bayesian modeling methods Experience in team software development practices and tools, e.g. agile development, GitHub, etc. Experience with cloud based (AWS/Azure/GCP) implementation of software   Benefits:  401k with employer match Highly competitive health and dental benefits Paid parental leave Flexible work environment Flexible PTO   Locations:  Minneapolis, MN St. Louis, MO Cambridge, MA
8115 - Corp Office Canal Crossing - 101 S 15th Street, Richmond, Virginia, 23219 CarMax, the way your career should be! About this job It’s an exciting time at CarMax! After decades of success and a rise to becoming the largest used car retailer in the US, CarMax is focused on disrupting the auto industry once again through our transformation to a leading omni-channel retailer. To achieve this goal, CarMax has spent the last few years investing heavily in modernizing our digital and analytical infrastructure to support our customer-centric experience as the customer shopping journey continues to evolve online. We’re stitching data science throughout our business to drive a great customer experience and optimize our operations. As a Data Scientist in Marketing Analytics, you will join a team responsible for developing and maintaining algorithms and analytic tools that help CarMax acquire quality customers and optimize the shopping experience for those customers. With thousands of unique vehicles in inventory, helping customers efficiently find the right car is key to our business success. Our Data Scientists build, maintain, and improve sophisticated algorithms using best-in-industry data collected from millions of consumers as they shopped. These algorithms enable strategic acquisition strategies, personalized customer experiences, help customers make decisions, and help CarMax sell cars. What you will do – Essential Responsibilities Leverage CarMax’s machine learning cloud environment to design, develop, & operationalize algorithms (e.g. statistical models, machine learning) that will directly impact critical areas of the CarMax business Assess performance of in-market algorithms and identify & act on opportunities for improvement Partner with teams across CarMax to explore new use cases for algorithms and bring new customer experiences to life Analyze tests and customer shopping/browsing data to improve algorithm performance and produce iconic data-driven experiences for CarMax customers Qualifications and Requirements To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Degree in Statistics, Data Science, or a related field Desire to learn our existing technology suite (Azure, Databricks, Python/R/SQL) and to explore new technologies to advance our data science impact Ability to apply knowledge of algorithm development and data manipulation in order to develop new algorithms and/or explore and test enhancements to existing algorithms Strong verbal and written communication skills with an ability to communicate complex concepts in simple terms & an ability to tie analytic results to business outcomes Strong results focus, project management, & teamwork About CarMax CarMax disrupted the auto industry by delivering the honest, transparent and high-integrity experience customers want and deserve. This innovative thinking around the way cars are bought and sold has helped us become the nation’s largest retailer of used cars, with over 200 locations nationwide. Our amazing team of more than 25,000 associates work together to deliver iconic customer experiences. Along the way, we help every associate grow their career and achieve their best, at work and in their community. We are recognized for our commitment to training and diversity and are one of the FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®. CarMax is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, protected veteran status, age, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Upon an applicant's request, CarMax will consider reasonable accommodation to complete the CarMax Job Application.
Genospace is looking for a talented and enthusiastic team-player to help deliver powerful biomedical data and insights through our platforms. As the leading provider of information technology services in molecular medicine, our software is used by clinicians and researchers all over the country and the globe to improve patient care. We serve research, clinical development, pathology and clinical care customers who work with high-dimensional genomic and other biomedical data. Many of the most advanced precision medicine organizations are powered by Genospace. What You’ll Do: Genospace is seeking a Health Data Scientist to help deliver key insights and drive decision-making from a high volume and wide range of patient health data sources. The Health Data Scientist’s primary focus will be applying machine learning, natural language processing, and image processing techniques, as well as conducting statistical analysis and building high quality prediction systems that integrate with Genospace’s precision medicine products. As a Health Data Scientist at Genospace, you will: Process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis. Apply natural language processing to identify key features for patients and clinical trials. Select features and build and optimize classifiers using machine learning techniques. Integrate protected and proprietary data with external and public information repositories. Enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems. Develop novel research questions and lead the investigation and presentation of scientific results in peer-reviewed publications and conferences. Collaborate with physician and clinical thought leaders in the design and application of outcomes/health economics research in alignment with strategic goals. Support concept development, protocol design, and analytic plan development for outcomes research and discovery projects. Work in close, regular collaboration with engineering and implementation teams. What We’re Looking For: Strong experience with a data science relevant programming language, such as R and/or Python. Experience in natural language processing and/or image processing. Experience with web-scraping and APIs. Excellent scripting and programming skills. Great written and verbal communication skills. Strong understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting etc. Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, ggplot, plotly, matplotlib, bokeh, etc. Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, survival analysis, dimension reduction, etc. Education & Background: Masters degree in quantitative field or extensive experience in data science related field. Familiarity with clinical data. Familiarity with health economics and outcomes. Comfortable with concepts in the relevant field of application - therapeutics, molecular biology, DNA, oncology, clinical trials, HIPAA. COVID-19 Considerations: Genospace is adhering to CDC, State and local orders with regard to COVID-19. The health and safety of our colleagues and their families, as well as potential candidates, is our highest priority. Due to COVID-19, Genospace has seamlessly transitioned to a work-from-home model, with working hours based on Eastern Time. Employees are welcome to use our flexible, co-working space, but are not required to come into an office for any reason. Please note, this is a remote position. Equal-Opportunity Statement Genospace is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on any of the following: race, religious creed, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression or gender characteristics, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service or veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, or any other classification protected by federal, state, and local laws and ordinances. 11V3axeEnO
The Data Science team (http://www.nec-labs.com/research-departments/data-science-systems-research/data-science-systems-research-home) aims to build novel big data solutions and smart platforms to simplify complex system and service management. Our research is both experimental and theoretical, covering many domains such as time series analysis, graph mining, NLP and document analysis, reinforcement and imitation learning. We have built a number of analytic engines to analyze big data and support various applications in detection, prediction and optimization. Our research leads to both award-winning NEC products and publications in top conferences. The team is seeking data scientists to work in the area of data analytics and service development. The ideal candidate will have strong background in data mining and machine learning, as well as experiences in software development. BS degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or other quantitative programs.Good knowledge in machine learning and data mining, probability and statistics, data structures and algorithms.Proficiency in data analysis tools such as Numpy/Scikit-learn/Pandas, TensorFlow or PyTorch.Experience with web development using HTML/CSS/JavaScript (jQuery/React/Backbone/Angular/Ember).Innovative and creative thinking, and strong written and verbal communication skills.U.S citizenship (preferred) or U.S permanent resident.  NEC Laboratories America is located in Princeton, NJ, home of Princeton University and one of New Jersey's most beautiful and idyllic towns. The area offers many exciting cultural, entertainment and outdoor activities. The office is minutes away from Princeton University and an hour from New York, Philadelphia, and the Atlantic Ocean.
Company Description Eurofins Scientific is an international life sciences company, providing a unique range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries, to make life and our environment safer, healthier and more sustainable. From the food you eat, to the water you drink, to the medicines you rely on, Eurofins works with the biggest companies in the world to ensure the products they supply are safe, their ingredients are authentic and labelling is accurate. Eurofins believes it is a global leader in food, environmental, pharmaceutical and cosmetics products testing and in agroscience CRO services. It is also one of the global independent market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics, discovery pharmacology, forensics, CDMO, advanced material sciences and in the support of clinical studies. In over just 30 years, Eurofins has grown from one laboratory in Nantes, France to over 47,000 staff across a network of more than 900 independent companies in over 50 countries and operating more than 800 laboratories. Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200,000 analytical methods to evaluate the safety, identity, composition, authenticity, origin, traceability and purity of biological substances and products, as well as providing innovative clinical diagnostic testing services, as one of the leading global emerging players in specialised clinical diagnostics testing.  In 2019, Eurofins generated total revenues of EUR € 4.56 billion, and has been among the best performing stocks in Europe over the past 20 years.  Job Description Employee Responsibilities: Ensure that the client receives quality data by reviewing laboratory data for accuracy, clarity, and adherence to GMP and/or GLP regulations Work efficiently, document work clearly, and perform duties accurately  Qualifications The Ideal Candidate would possess: Strong computer, scientific, and organizational skills Excellent communication (oral and written) and attention to detail Ability to work independently and as part of a team, self-motivation, adaptability, and a positive attitude Ability to learn new techniques, perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies Theoretical understanding of protein or chemistry related techniques Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in biochemistry, biology, chemistry, protein chemistry, or other related degree concentration Authorization to work in the United States indefinitely without restriction or sponsorship  Additional Information Position is full-time, Monday - Friday 8:00am - 5:00pm. Candidates currently living within a commutable distance of Lancaster, Pa are encouraged to apply. Excellent full time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, dental, and vision options Life and disability insurance 401(k) with company match Paid vacation and holidays Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
Position: Full Stack Software Engineer 1 AND II Node.jsLocation: St. Charles, MO. must be local to St Charles Hybrid remoteDetails: permanent,Senior role $95,000-130,000 DOEJunior role- 75,000-95,000 DOEAs a Full-Stack Software Engineer, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining software components for medical device software products. This includes participating in the design, development, and implementation of web-based user interfaces, server-side REST APIs, public SDKs, automated tests, and other internal tools.Successful candidates will champion sound software development practices, take initiative, and be capable of working in a fast-paced environment. Candidates must show a passion for the latest and greatest technologies and tools and be excited about creating beautiful, intuitive interfaces and scalable, reliable, and performant APIs for our customers.We expect candidates to love working in JavaScript (both in Node.js and the browser) and be experts at developing in the language. Above all, we value candidates who take great pride in their work and are creative, detail-oriented, and enjoy learning new technologies and processes.Responsibilities:Actively participate and contribute to all phases of the software development cycle.Analyze business requirements and create plan documents.Translate requirements into products, services, and solutions with some guidance.Participate in high-level module development and design according to a product roadmap and defined project requirements.Proactively identify and solve moderate technical problems with some supervision.Able to commit to high quality deliverables and manage time effectively.Proficient in development process, environment, configurations, and tools.Actively engage in team meetings and discussions. Define and perform tasks with some guidance to accomplish common goals.Proactively communicate with team members.Collaborate on writing internal and customer-facing specifications and documents related to system architecture, application design, and customer support.Participate in peer review and integration of software development work using industry tools.Assist with, and troubleshoot, customer support issues and requests that are technical in nature.Create a positive impression and demonstrate confidence when communicating complex concepts and ideas.Identify and drive improvement opportunities related to processes, tools, and overall product quality.Demonstrated ability to work with, and on, teams that are geographically separated. Frequent interaction with individuals and teams that are dispersed globally.We Offer:Excellent Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage401k, paid Vacation and HolidayA wealth of additional benefits including Wellness Reimbursement, Tuition Reimbursement and Flexible Spending AccountOpportunity to work in the cutting edge in medical advancementClose knit company cultureUpward mobilityQualifications:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar technical field, or equivalent practical experienceProfessional software development experience working with Node.js and JavaScriptExperience with SQL database design and programmingExperience developing and maintaining HTML5 and CSS3Experience using the Git source control systemExperience producing and consuming RESTful APIsStrong conviction for usability, customer-focused design, and web standardsPassion for developing high quality code that has been thoroughly testedExperience developing and testing across multiple browsers and devices within mobile and desktop environmentsExperience with auto testing toolsLinux development or system administration experienceExperience developing data science algorithmsJob Type: Full-timePay: $75,000.00 - $130,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftAbility to commute/relocate:Saint Charles, MO: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Node.js: 2 years (Required)web based user interface: 1 year (Required)server side REST API's: 1 year (Required)Full-stack development: 1 year (Required)solid engineering principals: 1 year (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
The Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory (CSHL) Library and Archives seeks a highly motivated, collaborative, and enthusiastic Research Informationist in Life Science & Science Data to join an established team of information professionals that serves the research community of CSHL. This is an opportunity to work with prominent scientists, postdocs, and grad students at the forefront of research in cancer, neuroscience, genomics, quantitative biology, and plant biology at our world-renowned biomedical research institution.The candidate will work with CSHL researchers to provide expert guidance on research data services and instructions including implementing a research data management plan, consultation on data management plans in grant applications, the creation and application of metadata standards, data analysis and data visualization.The ideal applicant will become an effective asset to our research teams and improve research output within the CSHL Community. The Research Informationist in Life Science & Science Data reports to the Executive Director of the Library and Archives.Duties and responsibilities:· Lead the Laboratory’s Open Science initiatives· Create and support the campus infrastructure for findability, accessibility, interoperability, and reusability (FAIR) for scientific data management and stewardship· Support rigor, reproducibility and integrity efforts throughout CSHL· Train and consult with researchers on research data management plans (RDMP)· Provide metrics on scholarly research· Investigate research practices and remain current with information resources related to data planning, use, organization, management, storage, and curation· Participate in efforts to measure the impact of CSHL research by utilizing web-based analytic services such as Altmetrics· Serve as liaison to our research laboratories by forging relationships with faculty and researchers· Create innovative information resource tools that respond to trends in scientific research· Provide services to researchers throughout the research life cycle in all 5 of CSHL’s key subject areas· Provide support to our research administrators in maintaining public profile systems (Google Scholar, ORCID, Elements, etc.)· Provide expertise in utilizing databases such as PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science· Provide expertise in domain specific NCBI databases· Participate in a new project incorporation of artificial intelligence in our library· Participate in Science Journal Club program for high school studentsEducation:Advanced or master’s degree in Life Science, Data Science, Computer Science or Information and Library ScienceExperience: 1-3 years’ experience working in an academic environment. A passionate interest in current Life Sciences research and experience in science communication.Skills: Familiarity with research and teaching information needs in the life sciences. Must be strongly computer literate. Knowledge of the publication process in the sciences. Familiarity and skill with, and the ability to train others on, the various platforms provided by the Library, including research information management systems, databases (PubMed, Scopus, etc.), etc. Ability to work with people from diverse cultural backgrounds. Excellent interpersonal, multitasking, verbal, and written communication skills. Demonstrated strength in statistical analysis and methods. Strong passion for research reproducibility and integrity as demonstrated by contributions of data-sets, metadata, papers and code to open access repositories.Highly desired:Data visualization skills. Knowledge of software such as R, SSRS, Python, Jupyter. Knowledge of biological and allied subjects, experience in machine learning.Interested candidates should apply via the CSHL Careers website at: https://cshl.peopleadmin.com/postings/17929Position Number: 00534-EWe offer a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package.Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory is a world-renowned research and educational institution with programs in cancer, neuroscience, plant biology, genomics and bioinformatics. The Laboratory is recognized internationally for its excellence in research and educational activities. For more information about CSHL, please visit https://www.cshl.edu.CSHL is an EO/AA Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status.VEVRAA Federal ContractorJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Master's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
About Kubrick The greatest data and technology challenges of today can't be solved with carbon copy consultants or homogenous thought. At Kubrick, we actively seek out and develop passionate individuals from a breadth of backgrounds to help organizations harness the power of data and reach their full potential.We’re a fast-growing, agile organization that values hard work, collaboration and innovation. We have evolved and expanded our practices to meet and anticipate the demands of tomorrow. We support one another, recognize achievements, celebrate the differences in others, encourage open communication, and are committed to giving our people the best tools to thrive.Kubrick’s Data Engineering Practice As a Kubrick Data Engineer you will learn to cleanse, align and correlate data sets to give better insight. We train our Data Engineers in cloud ecosystems, focusing on the latest technologies and programming software, including Python, SQL, Alteryx, and Tableau.Working in the agile methodology, you will combine the fundamentals of data engineering with an overview of machine learning, data analytics, and gain competency in cloud ecosystems such as AWS and Microsoft Azure to enhance data capability and drive transformation.Example Training Project: Consultant’s remodelled data to product a state-of-the-art platform that can pull data up to x10 faster, combined new sources of data, and conduct robust, evidence-based data science at scale.Why Join Kubrick?So what can you expect if you join us? We cultivate smart, aspiring, diverse talent to harness the power of data, AI and cloud technology to help world-leading organizations transform. At Kubrick, you will gain first-hand exposure to exciting projects, accelerating your career in data and technology.$65,000 year one salary, rising to $77,000 in your second year15 weeks of training by our industry experts in agile teams using the latest tools and technologiesEngagement on projects with renowned clients to strengthen your skills and deliver long-lasting impactCollaborate and develop with diverse perspectives bringing a fresh approach to solving problemsRegular check-ins and support from your dedicated People representative to foster engagement and drive impact as you progressAccess to technical webinars to assist with ongoing upskilling and developmentWhat we need from youYou don’t need experience to join us! We’re looking for people who can bring a fresh approach to businesses by realizing the potential of data, AI, and next-generation technology.Bachelors degreeCurious, analytical and great at solving problems – we don’t need any previous coding skills, just excitement to learn!Desire to work with data and how it can help an organisation make better decisionsFlexible and adaptable communicator who can work collaborativelyCommitted to producing high quality solutionsDedicated to continuous personal and professional developmentAt Kubrick we respect the differences in others and understand the importance of diverse thoughts, experiences, backgrounds and perspectives. We believe in creating equal opportunities for all and pushing against barriers that have existed for too long.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $65,000.00 - $77,000.00 per yearWork Remotely:Yes
Second Spectrum is building the next way of seeing sports. We deliver unique and innovative solutions through unparalleled capabilities in machine understanding of sports.  We are the official tracking and analytics provider of the English Premier League, NBA, and MLS and have numerous clients across multiple sports at the team, league, and media level. We developed a real-time video augmentation pipeline that powers the innovative content featured in products like the award-winning Clippers CourtVision, and has also been used by ESPN, Turner Sports, BT Sport, FOX, and International NBA League Pass. We produce the most accurate tracking data with the fastest high-quality output by leveraging the most automated and extensible solution in the market.  We are constantly innovating. We believe that technology will revolutionize the way that sports are played, coached, and experienced, and that the work to make this happen has just begun. The Role: Software Engineer, Data Quality  We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our Data Quality group to develop monitoring and quality improvement systems for our tracking and derived data. This group works closely with our Computer Vision, Tracking Systems and Artificial Intelligence groups, developing processing algorithms that are part of our live and post-game data pipeline, as well as tools and systems for data quality analysis and monitoring. What You’ll Do:  Develop tools and systems for evaluating, analyzing and monitoring the quality of our tracking data and tracking-derived data products Develop real-time and post-game algorithms for processing data, improving quality and identifying QA tasks Build, test, deploy and maintain production systems Develop, document and communicate processes for operational staff Maintain best practices for software development, including deployment process, documentation and coding standards Discuss and distribute knowledge, technical concepts and ideas with any member of our diverse organization  Our Stack:  Languages: Typescript, Rust, Python Frameworks: Node.js Infrastructure: AWS (S3, EC2), Docker, Pulsar Version control: Git What You Have:  BSc or MSc or equivalent experience with a strong software engineering component Experience with the languages and technologies in our stack Like to collaborate with others to solve problems, share knowledge, and provide feedback Strong communication skills when discussing technical concepts with technical and non-technical colleagues Self-motivation and ability to work independently in an efficient manner Enjoy working with a team What Sets You Apart:  Experience with data quality analysis and monitoring Our Work Environment and What You Will Benefit From:  Flat hierarchy and collaborative management Highly qualified technical leads and colleagues Working on cutting-edge products for major professional sports leagues and teams Team-oriented, start-up mindset, innovative and dynamic environment, which encourages growth and provides opportunities to make an impact  As a general approach, we interview for aptitude over specific technologies or languages. Please be prepared to speak to anything listed on your resume or in your portfolio.
Analytics Consultant: Job Summary: Consultants work with client stakeholders and provide technical knowledge in their area of expertise, work individually and on teams to support the completion of project specific analytics tasks within estimated time frames and budget constraints and interface with the client on a day-to-day basis. In addition, Consultants apply their specific expertise to the practical issues they identify or those presented by the client. They also help to formulate solutions, prepare reports, studies, and documentation, and support presentations and client meetings. Secondary Responsibilities: Managing for Results Implementation Support: The Contractor shall provide high-quality advice, technical guidance, training, and operational support to assist OCS in fully implementing existing and future Federal performance management and performance measurement requirements. The Contractor shall provide these services in a phased approach over the course of the contract using an agile project management approach to provide OCS leadership with operational flexibility to re-prioritize and pause tasks as broader OCS, CA, and Department priorities require. Each phase of the approach shall inform the next. The Contractor shall advise OCS on schedule and task adjustments to maximize value and minimize costs and risks.   Global Initiative Support: The Contractor shall provide high-quality advice, technical guidance, training, and operational support to assist OCS in fully implementing a data-informed approach to managing the OCS worldwide mission.   AdHoc Business Requirements Validation and Enhancement Support: The Contractor shall plan and implement ad hoc support tasks within the scope of this order, as required by the COR and approved by the Contracting Officer, provide cost estimates to the COR for the requested ad hoc services, and implement the ad hoc requests upon receipt of a task order modification. Client and Project Description: The Team will provide an advanced set of Business Requirements Analysis, Validation, and Enhancement services and other specialized support which will maximize the Bureau's ability to analyze business rules and requirements in order to strengthen management of consular information technology systems, financial resources, and human resources in support of consular activities and to perform its mission at a lower total cost and meet budget, schedule and quality goals. Education: Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Finance, Computer Science, Statistics or related field Experience: No prior experience is required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: - Proficient knowledge of Tableau. - Ability to manage multiple priorities and simultaneous projects in a rapidly growing practice. - Strong leadership, business development, recruitment, training, and mentoring skills. - Excellent written, presentation, leadership, and interpersonal communication skills. - Ability to work additional hours and/or travel as needed. (~ 30%). Required Capabilities: Digital Delivery, TT-Digital Services & Innovation Required Skills: Business Intelligence / Reporting Analysis and Strategy Development , Data Analysis, Data Science , Data Visualization - DT&M, Statistical Analysis (TT), Business Analysis, Requirements Elicitation Required Technologies: Tableau, R, Python, Microsoft Power BI
Job Description Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as “Personal Cell” or “Cellular” in the contact information of your application. At Wells Fargo, we are looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. We are seeking candidates who embrace diversity, equity and inclusion in a workplace where everyone feels valued and inspired. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Finance brings together enterprise functions that drive Wells Fargo's financial management, including accounting and control, financial planning and analysis, line of business finance, asset-liability management, treasury, tax management, and the company's investment portfolios. They also inform shareholders, regulators, taxing authorities, employees, and leaders of the company's financial performance through earnings releases, investor meetings and conferences, and meetings with regulators and credit rating agencies, following appropriate reporting guidelines. Investment Portfolio The Wells Fargo Investment Portfolio (IP) manages the Company’s Available-For-Sale (AFS) and Held-To-Maturity (HTM) securities and loan portfolios, and the Reinsurance and Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) businesses as part of the Finance group. IP also provides strategic and analytical balance sheet support to the bank, as well as a centralized, street-facing trade execution and hedging function for the enterprise. The Investment Portfolio consists of: Credit Investment Portfolio (CIP): Responsible for the evaluation of credit-driven investment opportunities across a broad spectrum of corporate bonds, notes, loans, Municipal bonds, CLOs, and other asset backed securities Macro Investment Portfolio (MIP): Responsible for maintaining a portfolio of fixed income investments to achieve liquidity, interest rate risk management, and capital management objectives on behalf of Corporate Asset/Liability Committee Portfolio Strategy, Analytics, and Infrastructure (PSAI): Centrally manages IP’s analytics, including stress testing, sensitivity analytics, and optimizing investment decision making within capital, liquidity, and risk management constraints Financial Forecasting & Reporting (FFR): Centrally manages income and balance sheet forecasting and portfolio level reporting Trading: Street-facing trading desk with the ability to offer coordinated execution of all cash and derivatives trades for the portfolio, as well as for other key partners within Wells Fargo Reinsurance and Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) businesses and a central business application team The IP PSAI team binds a collection of groups whose core functions involve investment analytics, process integration, and reporting on key areas pertinent to the Investment Portfolio. We are seeking a Portfolio Analytics Consultant 1 to join PSAI. Key responsibilities will include: Assist with the production of complex analytics and reporting to facilitate team deliverables, including income and valuation forecasts, strategy analysis, stress testing, loss forecasting and liquidity contributions Support execution of control functions for analytic processes, including preparation of internal review materials. Interface with second and third line of defense teams including Finance Risk Management, Model Risk and Audit Maintain and enhance PSAI’s analytics infrastructure, including legacy tools and applications as necessary, in preparation for migrating to IP’s new Advanced Data and Analytics (ADA) platform Support projects and analysis that involve working with multiple functions and teams across PSAI and IP, along with other Finance functions including Capital Management, Liquidity Risk Management, and Asset Liability Management Support model lifecycle activities including model development, testing, documentation, model risk finding remediation and performance monitoring Contribute to the development of advanced analytics supporting portfolio strategy, enhanced forecasting capabilities and constraints optimization, leveraging IP’s analytics R&D environment The ideal candidate has sharp analytical skills, demonstrated attention to detail, sound critical thinking, and solid problem-solving capabilities. We are looking for a self-motivated person who learns quickly and thrives in a challenging environment. Ability to work independently, prioritize multiple tasks, and take on new challenges is crucial. Required Qualifications 1+ year of experience in portfolio analysis, finance, or have participated in a Wells Fargo analyst or intern training program Desired Qualifications A BS/BA degree or higher in accounting, finance, or economics Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Advanced Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint) skills Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important Other Desired Qualifications  Understanding of fixed-income products including mortgage backed securities, structured products, municipal bonds, interest rate swaps and US Treasury bonds Prior experience analyzing, modeling, valuing and forecasting fixed income securities across multiple asset classes and scenarios Experience with model risk governance and/or model validation in the financial services sector Strong analytical ability accompanied with impeccable reputation for integrity, accuracy, consistency, big picture orientation and business acumen Passion for researching complex issues, distilling information into concise presentations and offering actionable resolutions Solid understanding of financial mathematics and modeling approaches Experience with third party fixed income models (e.g. PolyPaths, QRM, ADCo, Bloomberg, Calypso) Programming ability in R, Python or SQL and familiarity with data science or similar programming/database experience  Job Expectations Ability to work outside of regular business hours Street Address NC-Charlotte: 550 S Tryon St - Charlotte, NC NY-New York: 30 Hudson Yards - New York, NY Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation. Benefits Summary Benefits Visit https://www.wellsfargo.com/about/careers/benefits for benefits information.
At a lot of organizations, it is hard to stand out. Everyone is working on the same projects; creating and testing as fast and efficiently as humanly possible. Don’t get lost in the crowd. Team Daugherty offers the opportunity to work on something different. With every project comes the unique opportunity to showcase your skills. Team Daugherty is looking to grow the Data and Analytic space here in St. Louis. Potential roles could include: Informational Architect, Information Analyst, Data Engineer, or Big Data Developer. Ideal candidates for these positions are problem solvers with the ability to utilize insights, creativity, and perspective to drive business success for our clients. In these roles, you could have the opportunity to work with analysts, technical team leads, and software engineers on business intelligence related architectural issues and best practices. You may also assess organizational readiness, plan and execute a proof of concept, and lead an implementation plan to success. Now, imagine yourself: Assisting in the design and development of reports and dashboards for varying levels of the organization (operational through executive management). Assembling large, complex data sets that meet functional/non-functional business requirements. Collaborating with clients to design information management and business intelligence solutions. Analyzing application specifications and technology approaches to ensure business requirements are met and are scalable for future product releases. Creating custom software components and employing a variety of languages and tools. Working with business analyst and management to recommend future application solutions. The types of technologies that we work with: Interest in joining our crew? Here are a few things that we look for: Ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly. Interest in working with tools and technologies such as: Hadoop, Informatica, Vertica, Business Objects, Cassandra, Kafka, Postgres, BigTable, Oracle, Teredata, MarkLogic, MongoDB, MatLab, HBase, Hive, CouchDB, Sklearn, Azure, PostGIS, Redshift, SAS, Memcache, Redis, Pandas, Accumulo, NumPy, TensorFlow, Python, BASH, Scala, Julia, Spark, Map Reduce, Elastic Search, AWS, Splunk, Sqoop, Kibana, Spark Streaming, Solr, DynamoDB, SoftLayer, DigitalOcean, Google Cloud, Ansible, Jenkins, Crystal Reports, Qlik, Docker, Chef, Zoomdata, SPSS, AMOS, LISREL, Theanos, t-tests, power analysis, ANOVA, ANCOVA, linear regression, logistic regression, ARIMA, factor analysis, principal components, decision trees, Naïve Bayes, K-Nearest Neighbors, Neural Networks, Random Forest, K-means clustering, Gaussian Mixture Models, GPFS, Kudu, Impala, Kinesis, GCP, Salt, Puppet, Pentaho, Jaspersoft, Talend, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Domo, Looker, Nifi, Spotfire, D3, PowerPivot, Power BI, Actian Vector, StremSets, REST, GraphQL, Kubernetes, GIS, Airflow, Oozie, Node Red, Mic
ICON plc is a world-leading healthcare intelligence and clinical research organisation. From molecule to medicine, we advance clinical research providing outsourced services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and government and public health organisations. With our patients at the centre of all that we do, we help to accelerate the development of drugs and devices that save lives and improve quality of life. Our people are our greatest strength, are at the core of our culture, and the driving force behind our success. ICON people have a mission to succeed and a passion that ensures what we do, we do well. Responsibilities General Summary Provides statistical programming support for the implementation of data models and the reporting of clinical trials. Primary Responsibilities: Develops and performs quality control on analysis datasets and tables, figures and listings via an appropriate statistical analysis system (i.e. SAS®). Provides input to the statistical analysis plan, table shells, data integration plans, and publications. Liaises with other departments to properly implement data models (e.g. SDTM/ADaM). Researches new technologies and techniques to improve efficiency of programming outputs. Programs statistical analyses (via analysis datasets, tables, figures, listings, etc.) using an appropriate statistical analysis systems (i.e. SAS®). Helps ensure the accuracy and consistency of data flow from case report forms (CRFs) and database definitions, through to and specifications for analysis datasets. Performs quality review of analysis dataset and TFL programs developed by other programmers and biostatisticians. Verifies that all statistical analysis system programs and associated documentation are archived following the creation of final output. Assists in the development of new processes and makes sure all process improvements are implemented. Reviews and provides feedback regarding statistical analyses plans. Demonstrates a working knowledge of industry metadata submission requirements. Demonstrates advanced knowledge of computer programming, statistical analysis systems (SAS), and other procedural languages. Shows solid understanding biometrics procedures, workflows, and software systems. Displays ability to manage extremely large datasets for statistical analysis and mathematical model creation. Exhibits excellent written and oral communication skills. Demonstrates a strong knowledge and understanding of analysis data structure standards (ADaM) and a good understanding of conversion data structure standards (SDTM) Applies leadership skills in the coordination of analysis and reporting activities for statistical programming projects. Qualifications You are: Delivery focused and an innovative leader. Here at ICON we want our employees to succeed and ensure that they are set up for this success through constant training, development and support. To enable success in this position you will have: Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative or scientific field Statistical programming experience. Experience performing statistical analyses on data required. SDTM and ADaM experience is required, specifically creating/authoring specifications for SDTM and ADaM datasets. Experience with TFLs (tables, figures, and listings) or TLGs (tables, listings, and graphs) is required. Experience leading project teams is required. Experience within pharma or CRO experience required. CRO experience preferred. Benefits of Working in ICON: Our success depends on the knowledge, capabilities and quality of our people. That’s why we are committed to developing our employees in a continuous learning culture – one where we challenge you with engaging work and where every experience adds to your professional development.  At ICON, our focus is to provide you with a comprehensive and competitive total reward package that comprises, not only an excellent level of base pay, but also a wide range of variable pay and recognition programs. In addition, our best in class employee benefits, supportive policies and wellbeing initiatives are tailored to support you and your family at all stages of your career - both now, and into the future.  ICON, including subsidiaries, is an equal opportunity and inclusive employer and is committed to providing a workplace free of discrimination and harassment. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process, or in order to perform the essential functions of a position, please let us know. Options Apply for this job onlineApply Share Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later. Share on your newsfeed Connect With Us!
Blockchain Intelligence is at the core of TRM's mission to build a safer financial system for billions of people. To achieve such goal, the Blockchain Intelligence team relies on a diverse set of structured and unstructured data to design, build, and support machine learning models to detect and prevent fraud and financial crime in cryptocurrencies and digital assets. As the sources of our data grows, the Crypto Intelligence team will be building a scalable foundation to propel our impact and product forward.  As a Blockchain Intelligence Analyst at TRM Labs, you will collaborate with an experienced team of engineers, data scientists, and product managers to build scalable systems to detect, prevent, and mitigate cryptocurrency fraud and financial crime. You will be deeply involved in the technical details of building highly available and real-time risk detection services to understand the ever evolving attack vectors in crypto and to build a safer financial system for billions of people.  Your Responsibilities will include:  Stay up-to-date on the latest blockchain and cryptocurrency emerging risks, trends, and typologies. Maintain and coordinate data collection efforts across various in-house, OSINT, and third party sources to ensure TRM has the leading threat intelligence in the industry. Participate in the automation and standardization of data collection to increase throughput and quality of raw attribution data. Proactively identify, build and manage relationships with industry partners to add new sources of attribution to TRMs pipeline at scale. Respond to ad-hoc client research requests. Collaborate with data and engineering teams to enhance the TRM product.  Some of the Traits we value:  Practical experience with virtual currencies, applications, and their use in financial networks and blockchain analysis is a plus. Working research ability of additional languages (e.g. Chinese, Russian, Hindi, Portuguese, etc.). Critical thinking â€” You are a problem solver who appreciates persistence and enjoys operating in an autonomous environment. Exceptional and consistent attention to detail, integrity and work ethic. Adaptable. Goals can change fast. You anticipate and react quickly. Autonomous. You own what you work on. You move fast and get things done. Excellent communication. You will need to communicate complex ideas effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences, and both verbally and in writing. Collaborative. You must work collaboratively in a cross-functional team and with people at all levels in an organization. Knowledge of BSA regulations, data, intelligence, and law enforcement databases is a plus. CAMS, CFE, or CFCS Certification is a plus.  About TRM  Cryptocurrencies and digital assets have the potential to improve financial services for billions of people. But the same properties that make crypto a force for good â€“ efficient, programmable, and instantaneous value transfer â€” can be exploited by bad actors to harm our financial system at unprecedented speed and scale: â€” from hacks, to ransomware attacks, to terrorist financing. How can we unlock the promise of crypto without leaving the risks unchecked?  TRM Labs is a blockchain intelligence company that help financial institutions and government agencies detect and investigate crypto-related financial crime and fraud. We have assembled a world class team of experts from places like McKinsey, Coinbase, Amazon, FBI, and the US Treasury Dept. Every day, we tackle challenges in data engineering, data science, and threat intelligence to advance our mission to build a safer financial system for billions of people.  Why people choose TRM  "The opportunity to make a lasting impact on the future of finance by building the next generation blockchain analytics platform" - Michael, Data Engineer "Solving hard problems to make crypto more accessible" - Colton, Data Engineer "Work with the most inspiring colleagues" - Laura, Marketing Lead  Benefits  Remote-first company, with optional in-person offices Team off-sites and retreats Competitive salary Stock options Premium health, dental, and vision insurance Life & disability coverage 401K Paid Time Off Paid Volunteer Time Off Generous Parental Leave Gym membership reimbursement Home office reimbursement Annual Books, Training, and Professional Coaching credit Macbook Pro  At TRM, we're looking for people with grit, passion, and humility. We encourage you to reach out even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Do not worry about picking exactly the right job; we can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your passion and interests will set you apart â€” especially if your background or career is unconventional. Join us!
If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account. Company Overview At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security.  Department Overview Applied Technology is a prototyping center within Motorola Solutions. We create proof-of-concept and low-volume specialty communications products for government and private industry using such technologies as GSM, GPRS, UMTS, LTE, Android, and Linux. Our customer-centric, team-based environment provides an excellent growth opportunity for engineers and developers in enterprise markets where innovation is the primary focus.  Job Description Candidates for this position are software engineers with strong programming skills who demonstrate curiosity, continuous learning, and an ability to adapt. Ideal candidates have a background in Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning along with diverse knowledge and a wide variety of interests, especially in cellular / wireless communications. Hands on experience in embedded software development is also beneficial. Our products are developed to very high standards of quality and reliability and you will be expected to learn and conform to the department’s software process during all development activities. You will have the opportunity to create proof-of-concept and low-volume specialty communications products for government and private industry. Daily Responsibilities: Participate in cutting edge artificial intelligence (AI) research and product development, focused on embedded, edge device wireless communication systems. Develop solutions for real world systems, leveraging AI/ML algorithms for standalone products and to enhance existing Applied Technology offerings. Collaborate with multi-disciplinary product development teams to identify performance improvement opportunities and integrate trained models. Perform duties in all areas of development (i.e. requirements analysis, high and low-level design, coding, model training and evaluation, documentation, real world testing, and validation). Hands-on interaction with product hardware for developing and debugging. Preferred Qualifications: Experience with GPU programming with CUDA, OpenCL and/or GPU-based software acceleration libraries Flexible, results-oriented problem-solver who requires minimal supervision. Projects can vary greatly from one to the next, so you must thrive on variety and enjoy taking on new challenges. Willingness to learn one or more wireless communication standards (GSM, CDMA, UMTS, LTE, TETRA, etc.). Ability to meaningfully communicate with members of all engineering disciplines (Hardware, RF, Software, FPGA, etc), as well as management. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent understanding of real-time embedded software design and be proficient in Linux, C, C++, Python and other software languages and operating systems. Agile software development and/or Git/JIRA experience is a plus. #AppliedTech  Basic Requirements Bachelor's (BS) or Master's (MS) degree, preferably in Computer Science or related technical field. Experience programming in C, C++, Python or Java Experience with AI/ML frameworks (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe, or MXNet) and knowledge of neural network fundamentals. Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to obtain necessary security clearance as required by government contract. Some contracts may have higher-level clearance requirements.  Travel Requirements None  Relocation Provided None  Position Type New Grad  Referral Payment Plan Yes Our U.S. Benefits include: Incentive Bonus Plans Medical, Dental, Vision benefits effective Day 1 401K with Company Match and Day 1 vesting 9 Paid Holidays Generous Paid Time Off Packages Employee Stock Purchase Plan Paid Parental & Family Leave and more!  EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic.
Company Description At Trueface (a Pangiam Company), our mission is to create safer and smarter environments through the ethical use of artificial intelligence and computer vision technology. Trueface powers authentication applications that enable companies to make use of imagery data for use cases like access control and digital identity verification. We are committed to mitigating the bias present in computer vision algorithms in order to ensure equal performance for all. Trueface’s network covers institutions across the US, UK, Europe, Africa and Oceania. We are looking for hungry builders who are unsatisfied with the status quo, ready to enable the world with benefits of responsibly deployed computer vision technology.  Job Description Trueface is currently seeking qualified candidates for an Machine Learning Scientist role within our research team. The position requires strong skills in machine learning and computer vision.  The position provides a unique opportunity to work with a small team of R&D professionals to advance Face Recognition and Analytics research.  Requirements Design and conduct deep learning experiments to improve current solutions and prototype new ones Explore new whitepapers and approaches Help improve existing ideas into production-ready solutions. Patent and publish findings  Qualifications 2+ year’s experience of professional experience using deep learning techniques (CNN, RNN, LSTM) on computer vision tasks (object detection and tracking, classification, and action recognition) Experience working with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, tensorflow and MXNET and experience building complex models from scratch with custom losses and layers Experience with Python and SQL Experience with C++ is a plus Demonstrated experience (publications, projects) solving machine learning problems Experience working on the face is not required but is highly desirable (face detection, face recognition, expression recognition, face landmark tracking) Passionate about innovation, pushing state of the art research and further boosting our NIST scores Good presentation and communication skills  Education Ph.D or a Master’s in the field of computer vision, machine learning or equivalent job-related experience.
Tittle: Data ScientistDuration: 06 MonthsLocation: Indianapolis, IN, 46250Job Description: · You will help Diagnostics continue to progress through the data maturity model using data science methods and principles to generate deeper insights from a great variety of internal and external data sources.· To achieve this, you will identify needs, lead the design and implementation of analytical solutions, provide advice and consulting support to our key business stakeholders and demonstrate value by executing proof-of-concept initiatives and prototyping analytical solutions to answer business questions.· As a Data Scientist, you will position data science as a key competency within the enterprise and be responsible for creating value from data assets using advanced analytics capabilities including data science, machine learning, and artificial intelligence methodologies to identify critical business risk and opportunities for .· You have an overall understanding of the key challenges in our industry.· You have experience in the areas of analytics, data transformation, and data science.· You are passionate about applying state-of-the-art analytical methods, as well as cutting edge machine learning algorithms to find solutions to complex business problems.What you’ll be working on· Project to deliver a structured, high integrity data source based on key data points extracted from contract text data.· Ideal candidate will have experience utilizing Natural Language Processing (NLP) methodologies as well as familiarity with OCR processing of text-based data· Evaluate, drive and implement solutions from concept to minimum viable product and final product· Apply analytical and statistical methods to solve identified use cases in an agile manner using multiple data sources and analytical tools· Collaborate within cross-functional teams to develop solutions, gain alignment and deliver impactful business insights; engage necessary stakeholders to enable better decision-making· Interpret and communicate analytics results clearly and concisely to audiences with varying backgrounds and degrees of technical understanding.· Take an enterprise mindset, linking individual responsibilities with the broader organization; focus on outcomes that provide most business value· Partner with data science experts around the world within to share best-in-class solutions and drive collaborative approaches towards data science challenges.Skills:· You have at least 1 year of commercial/industry experience, working in a hands-on capacity as a Data Scientist.· Experience with Statistics, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Data Visualization, Cloud Computing, and Distributed Systems.· Experience with AWS environments preferred.· Hands-on programming experience (Python, R, etc) along with an understanding of statistical and machine learning models.· You have experience in implementing statistical learning methods or deep learning frameworks to solve problems.· Ability to work independently, prioritize within an interdisciplinary environment that includes (data) scientists, analysts, business stakeholders and consultants· Experience with Agile development methods including Scrum and Kanban preferred· Excellent communication and effective problem-solving skills; track record in serving a variety of diverse customers and projects· Willingness to guide and inspire business stakeholders, data scientists and other colleagues along the journey into the world of data science.Education:· You have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Bioinformatics, Mathematics or equivalent field.· Master’s or PhD degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Bioinformatics, Mathematics or equivalent preferred.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $69.34 per hourEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Job Brief  subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to shape the future of aerospace systems. Aurora Flight Sciences, A Boeing Company, is a world leader in the development of highly autonomous aircraft. We are searching for talentedengineers to lead cutting-edge research in AI/ML technology applied to unmanned aircraft systems.  Responsibilities Develop and apply AI/ML algorithms to technical challenges relevant to aerospace and defense. Support the rapid development of innovative prototypes of AI/ML onto real flight applications. Collaborate with external partners, including MIT and other research institutions, to conduct joint research projects. Collaborate with researchers and engineers at Aurora and Boeing to transfer knowledge and technology. Assist in the preparation of R&D proposals and patent applications.  Minimum Requirements  M.S. or Ph.D. in Engineering, Computer Science, or related fields. Expertise in modern AI/ML techniques. Coding skills in Python or C++. Must be a U.S. Person (U.S. citizen or a permanent resident/Green Card holder). Desired Experience applying AI/ML to at least one of the following technical areas: autonomous systems, computer vision, robotics, data analytics, human-computer interaction (HCI), or natural language processing (NLP). Experience with ML frameworks, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, and MxNet. Familiarity with cloud computing or edge computing. Experience writing peer-reviewed publications or project proposals.  Aurora Company Overview  Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid-prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for both government and commercial customers. Now, as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to shape the future of aerospace systems.  Aurora Flight Sciences, A Boeing Company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.   Aurora Company Overview:  Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid-prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for both government and commercial customers. Now, as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to shape the future of aerospace systems.  Aurora Company Overview  Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid-prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for both government and commercial customers. Now, as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to shape the future of aerospace systems.  Equal Opportunity Employer  Aurora Flight Sciences, A Boeing Company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back. At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible - and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way. When you join #TeamAmex, you become part of a diverse community of over 60,000 colleagues, all with a common goal to deliver an exceptional customer experience every day. American Express is a global services company that provides consumers and businesses with exceptional access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. We make it easier, safer and more rewarding for consumers and businesses to purchase the things they need and for merchants to sell their goods and services through innovative payment, travel and expense management solutions. We are looking for a talented product analyst who can work in a cross-functional team and support project efforts for various use cases. The position partners closely with risk, marketing, digital, servicing, and technology teams on strategic projects focused on enriching the quality of customer demographic data, building intelligence and insights, supporting modernization of the platform and enabling adoption of use cases. Primary responsibilities include: Closely partner with stakeholders, Data Science and Technology teams to write product requirements/user stories, plan and execute User Acceptance Testing and support projects delivery using the Agile SAFe methodology. Analyzing input and output of test data and identifying discrepancies between requirements and expected results. Investigating and reporting on problems in the software that were found in the testing process or post-implementation. Investigate new incidents as reported by users and stakeholders, ensure the issue is properly understood and documented. Gather necessary evidence for triage and incident resolution. Manage specific tracks of product /capability development efforts from ideation to launch and maintenance.  Bachelor’s degree is required; Information Management, Computer Science, or related degree desired. 1+ years professional experience is required. Proven ability to adjust quickly to shifting priorities, multiple demands, ambiguity and rapid change. Knowledge of working with agile processes, principles, and teams and familiarity with tools such as Jira, Rally, Confluence. Effective oral and written communication with the ability to interact effectively with diverse audiences across Business and Technical teams. Self-starter who is able to work independently, has exceptional problem solving and critical thinking skills, strong organizational skills with great attention to detail. Knowledge of Functional and Non-Functional testing; experience with Quality Assurance or User Acceptance Testing preferred. Ability to troubleshoot software issues in a complex environment, provide workarounds and/or propose solutions. Experience with programming languages (e.g. Hive, Python) and willingness to learn new tools & programming languages.  Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions. American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.
About Us   At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world's largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine's Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World's Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.  We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!  About the department  Cloudflare is looking to build and grow our data analytics/business intelligence team that will be responsible for building a large-scale enterprise modern data lake and EDW that combines massive petabyte scale traffic logs with data from various business systems supporting product, marketing, customer support, sales, finance etc. and enabling easier consumption of that data using tools to drive standard reporting, adhoc/exploratory analytics and advanced insights using data science models.  About the role  As part of this initiative, we are looking for a strong data analyst to come join Cloudflare and help us drive analytic insights and best practices at scale from the ground up. Success in this role comes from marrying a strong data background with acute product and business acumen to deliver highly strategic and compelling insights that accelerate our business growth and influence our product decisions within Cloudflare.  What we look for: Data analysis, Business Analysis, Storytelling, Strong Business & Product Acumen, Cross-functional Collaboration, Creative Problem Solving, Agile  What you'll do Gain fundamental understanding of the data landscape i.e tooling, tech stack, source systems etc. and work closely with the Data Engineering team to improve the data collection and quality. Understand business/product strategy and high-level roadmap and align analysis efforts to enable them with data insights and help achieve their strategic goals. Present key takeaways and recommendations in a crisp and concise manner. Define and spot macro and micro levels trends with statistical significance on a regular basis and understand key drivers driving those trends.  Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience  Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science or Engineering or related experience required. Data analyst experience ideally in a large scale environment (PBs scale, globally distributed teams). Proven results oriented analysis that helped support positive change in the business strategy. Experience in Python, R, SQL, Tableau, Google Analytics, Hive and BigQuery (or any other Big data/Cloud equivalent) etc. Capable of working closely with business including but not limited to, Engineering, Sales, Marketing, and Product teams to ensure data initiatives are aligned with business needs and is of high quality. Experience with a fast-growing SaaS business based company is preferred. What Makes Cloudflare Special?  We're not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We're a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.  Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare's enterprise customers-at no cost.  Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.  Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.  1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here's the deal - we don't store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.  Sound like something you'd like to be a part of? We'd love to hear from you!  This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.  Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.  Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hr@cloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.
Job Title: Entry Level Language Data AnalystHiring language auditors for the following languages: - Russian- Italian- French Volga Partners is currently hiring for candidates for Data Analyst role! Rate: $15.00/hour [If applicable, Volga Partners follows all state and city's minimum wage requirements in respective city and/or state of applicant.]Job Brief: Data analyst play a vital role in researching information for various entities, tools, and data provided during the on-job training. Candidate should possess good logical and analytical skills to judge the data and give the reasoning.Interprets data and turns it into information which can offer ways to improve a businessTake batches of data, to label and manipulate according to the project requirements with sufficient level of accuracyOwn the quality of all training data and work on proactively identifying issuesWork closely with Data Science and Product team on multiple projects to present data quality metrics & identifying new attributesResponsibilities and Duties: Flexibility to respond and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently highly organized with attention to detail and a commitment to quality Being able to track and analyze.Regularly working on different kinds of tools which include UHRS.Focusing on the task at hand and most importantly should have sharp cognitive skills.Key Skills: Good oral and written communication Native language skills and cultural awareness of the target locale ability to understand and prioritize tasks. The ideal person should also be fluent in spoken English and also understand how people talk commonly in the workplace, at home and in the street and also have good writing skills.Required Experience and Qualifications: EXPERTISE (Reading, writing and/or speaking) in both English and German language.Mandatory - very Important to have exposure to culture and countries where these languages are spoken and ability to speak to write in English fluently.Associate degree/ certification in IT/ Communication/Research in similar fields (Preferred, but not required.)Excellent computer skills, especially typing and written.Attention to detail.Multilingual may be preferred or required.Desire to be proactive and create a positive experience for others.Work Authorization: Must have valid work authorization to work in United States. Background Check: Background checks are mandatory for this position.Currently hiring candidates in the following states: AZ - Arizona FL - Florida MA - Massachusetts MI - Michigan NY - New York OH - Ohio PA - Pennsylvania TX - Texas VA - Virginia and WA - Washington.Please read requirement thoroughly before applying: Must have own device (laptop/device).Currently hiring for part-time position, but likely to become full-time.For part time position, must be available to work minimum between 10am-2pm Pacific Standard Time.Must be flexible with training hours for the first few weeks.For full time position, must be available to work between 9am-5pm Pacific Standard Time.Must be flexible with hours. For this position, we are seeking candidates with flexibility to work between 80-160 hours a month. Ideally, candidates with availability to work at least 4 hours a day (Pacific Standard Time Zone), but varies depending on projects.Experience with UHRS platform is a plus!Job Types: Full-time, Part-timePay: $15.00 per hourBenefits:Paid time offSchedule:Day shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Do you have UHRS experience? If so, how many years?This position starts out part time. Are you open to full time position in the future?Required: Which language are your applying for? Please refer to job posting for language expertise requirement.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes
At Databricks, we are obsessed with enabling data teams to solve the world's toughest problems, from security threat detection to cancer drug development. We do this by building and running the world's best data and AI infrastructure platform, so our customers can focus on the high value challenges that are central to their own missions.  Founded in 2013 by the original creators of Apache Spark, Databricks has grown from a tiny corner office in Berkeley, California to a global organization with over 1000 employees. Thousands of organizations, from small to Fortune 100, trust Databricks with their mission-critical workloads, making us one of the fastest growing SaaS companies in the world.  Our engineering teams build highly technical products that fulfill real, important needs in the world. We constantly push the boundaries of data and AI technology, while simultaneously operating with the resilience, security and scale that is critical to making customers successful on our platform.  We develop and operate one of the largest scale software platforms. The fleet consists of millions of virtual machines, generating terabytes of logs and processing exabytes of data per day. At our scale, we regularly observe cloud hardware, network, and operating system faults, and our software must gracefully shield our customers from any of the above.  As a Data Scientist on the Data Team, you will help build a data-driven culture within Databricks by helping solve product and business challenges. The Data team also functions as a in-house, production "customer" that dogfoods Databricks and drives the future direction of the products.  If you are interested in machine learning infrastructure, please apply to the Software Engineer Backend job opening here.  The impact you will have:  Shape the direction of some of our key data science areas for 2020 - usage forecasting, product analytics, user behavior and funnel analysis. Work closely with Product Management, Sales, Customer Success and other stakeholders to understand product usage patterns and trends and to make data-driven decisions and forecasts. Manage stakeholders for their focus area - gather changing requirements, define project OKRs and milestones, and communicate progress and results to a non-technical audience. Mentor and guide data-scientists on the team by helping with project planning, technical decisions, and code and document review. Build self-serving internal data products to make data simple within the company.  What we look for:  Experience in applying Data Science / ML in production to build data-driven products for solving business problems. Familiarity with Product Analytics - understanding and tracking customer and user behaviour using lenses like adoption, churn, cohorts and funnel analysis. Experience collaborating with and understanding the needs of stakeholders from a variety of business functions. We work most closely with Product, Customer Success and Engineering at the moment, but also work with the Sales, Marketing and Finance organizations. Strong coding skills in general purpose languages like Scala or Python, and familiarity with software engineering principles around testing, code reviews and deployment. Proficient in data analysis and visualization using tools like R and Python. Experience with distributed data processing systems like Spark and Hadoop, and proficiency in SQL. BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science, or a related field  Benefits  Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision 401(k) Plan Equity awards Flexible time off Paid parental leave Family Planning Gym reimbursement Annual personal development fund Work headphones reimbursement Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Business travel accident insurance  About Databricks  Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 5,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, H&M, and over 40% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the world's toughest problems.
IvyMax Academy is a leading education service provider that prepares students exceptionally well for admission to top-tier universities and beyond. Since 2004, IvyMax has been delivering industry-best results, having helped thousands of students ace tests, develop strong leadership intelligence, and get admitted to great schools.The strength of IvyMax’s reputation and brand name is directly attributable to the quality and breadth of its products and services. We are excited to see the continued commitment from IvyMax’s management team to devote significant resources to enhancing IvyMax’s current offerings and developing new high-quality programs, products, and services that are responsive to the evolving market needs.Responsibilities and DutiesWe are hiring mentors for our Summer Research Program. The mentor will work with high school students to develop individual college-level research papers. The program is designed for students to develop their own interests in academic topics, research about the topic, and produce a research paper at the end of the program. Throughout the weeks, the mentor is responsible to check on students’ progress and provide professional feedback for the students.Guide students to explore different topics and finalize the topicFamiliar with the research process such as academic resources and citationAssist students with the process of writing a research paper (ex.thesis statements, introduction, first draft, and final draft)Interact and communicate with studentsProvide professional academic advice/guidance for studentsPositively reinforce student self-confidence and self-esteemBe organized and well-prepared for every lectureQualifications and SkillsPhD./Doctorate/Postdoctoral Degree requiredGreat verbal and written communication skillsFamiliar with the research processExperiences with research/ teaching preferredFields of researchGame DesignAI/Data Science: Machine Learning/Data Analysis/PythonJava/App DesignRocketry/RoboticsPhotography/Video ProductionJob Type: Part-timeWork Location:Fully RemoteCompany's website:www.ivymax.com
Title: Associate, Data Science Location: Cincinnati, Ohio Reports to: Director ENGINE is a media and marketing services company that exists to futureproof clients business. In a fast-changing world, we empower our clients to outperform in the present and win in the future. Driven by data. Fueled by imagination. Powered by technology. Engine is an ecosystem of creative wunderkinds, uber-nerds, business consultants, cultural mavens, and channel specialists working together to help our clients grow. With global headquarters in New York and 16 locations across North America, the UK, Europe, and Asia-Pacific, Engine offers clients a vast range of marketing solutionsincluding insights, content, distribution, data and technology. POSITION SUMMARY: The Associate, Data Science at ENGINE works closely with talented and seasoned researchers and data analyst across a variety of different industries. This is an exciting entry level role that will work closely with our experts for first-hand exposure to the latest business trends, advanced analytics, data engineering and more! This challenging role is designed to hone your research, communication, analytical, and client-development skills, as you work side-by-side with many of todays biggest brands. This role will extend beyond traditional marketing science and incorporate Data Science and Data Engineering skills, to work with both structured and unstructured data sources to provide insights to business-critical decisions. RESPONSIBILITIES: Facilitate the creation and deployment of models, analytical results and business insights in various environments. This includes: Explore and analyze data to uncover patterns and relationships across structured and unstructured data sources. Leverage Python and R packages to transform data as well as create and deploy statistical models. Have an understanding of cloud-based technologies (Microsoft Azure) for data engineering Support the migration of legacy tools to scalable, cloud bases solutions as required Thrive in an innovation rich environment within Data Science as well as Data Operations as a whole Continuously seek opportunities to learn, enhance, and apply analytical skills, such as: Data Manipulation Data Integration Exploratory Data Analysis Statistical Analysis Data Interpretation Learn how to effectively manage the analytical phase of client engagements. This includes: Learning to manage client expectations (internal and external) throughout the project lifecycle. Learn to manage the analytical process and keep scope and pricing in reasonable alignment. Support and participate in client presentations when applicable Work closely with Senior Analysts to provide design and methodology support at the pre-sale phase as well as learn how to provide relevant and concise proposal materials with a point of view on the techniques outlined. This includes: Learning our client's business needs and how to apply analytics across integrated data sources to uncover insights for our clients Learning how to work collaboratively across multiple departments and client facing teams to integrate Data Science capabilities Learn the use and limitations of data from various sources, big data, behavioral data, client data, and how to leverage it to solve client needs. QUALIFICATIONS: Learn the use and limitations of data from various sources, big data, behavioral data, client data, and how to leverage it to solve client needs. Bachelor’s Degree in STEM, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Business Analytics, Marketing & Analytics is preferred. 6 months to 2 years’ experience in tech-enabled marketing insights environment, in data analysis, market research and methodology Production level programming knowledge; worked with Python, R (Shiny applications a plus), or other machine learning packages Interest and some exposure to a variety of research methodologies, sampling design, data weighting methods, data integration, advanced analytical methods, interactive dashboard/simulators (Shiny) Passion and some knowledge of data analysis, drawing insights relative to Client’s business needs, and communicating insights Proficient in Microsoft Office: Excel, Power Point, Word Familiarity with Tableau is a plus Client centric mindset Believes in and contributes to a positive work environment Proficiency in a selection of modern data analysis tools, such as SPSS, R, Python, SQL Exposure to modern research and predictive methods Passionate about and follows recent advances in Data Science and analysis, including Machine Learning Familiar with and/or desire to learn modern database technologies and their applications Comfortable with learning and applying new technologies and methods Great interpersonal and communication skills Critical thinker and problem solver Some familiarity with structured and unstructured data sources and a desire to learn how to apply them to first party sources to create more value and insight Ability to effectively communicate with technical and non-technical colleagues Strong organizational and time management skills with the ability to prioritize tasks to meet multiple deadlines Ability to work through complex issues and take all factors large and small into account when making decisions We, ENGINE, are an equal opportunity employer. We strive to promote an organizational environment that values diversity and fosters growth. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other basis prohibited by law. .
Click “Apply on Company Website” and our recruiting assistant Olivia will help you schedule an interview with our team. TurnPoint Services is a national leading service provider of plumbing, electrical and HVAC. The key to growth of the business is its people. We are dedicated to creating an environment that attracts and retains talented and passionate people. The key outcome to our unprecedented growth is through supporting a healthy and productive relationship with our team and continuing to improve performance by enhancing the career path of each of our team members. Data scientists utilize their analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets. They then use this information to develop data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges. Data scientists commonly have a bachelor's degree in statistics, math, computer science, or economics. Data scientists have a wide range of technical competencies including: statistics and machine learning, coding languages, databases, machine learning, and reporting technologies. It is essential that this individual can hit the ground running and be up to speed with our procedures quickly. This individual is responsible for managing & implementing enterprise systems in a fast-paced environment with a heavy emphasis on automation, process improvement, and innovative solutions. This position reports directly to the Senior Director, IT & Business Integration. Pay Range: $100,000 - $120,000 yrAnnual Bonus Opportunity ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS and RESPONSIBILITIES: o Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. o Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. o Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. o Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. o Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. o Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. o Ability to understand API Specs, identify relevant API calls, extract/transform data and implement SQL friendly data structures o Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. o Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. QUALIFICATIONS:  o Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. o Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. o Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. o Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. o Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. o Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. o Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. o Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Additional Compensation and Benefits:Affordable Medical, Dental and Vision plans401K with 3% company matchShort- and Long-Term Disability plansAccident & Critical Illness Insurance available 20K Life Insurance Policy freeAdditional life insurance available 6 Paid Holidays each yearPaid Time Off  TurnPoint Services – Turning Bad Days into Good Ones. Turnpoint Services is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
At Curriculum Associates (CA), we believe a diverse team leads to diversity in thinking, making our products better for teachers and students. If you read this job description, feel energized by what you see here, and believe you could bring passion and commitment to the role, but you aren’t sure you meet every qualification, please apply! Above all, we are looking for the right person! As a Finance Business Analyst (BA) at Curriculum Associates (CA), you’ll provide the Finance Department with the support required to enable informed decisions, identify risks & opportunities, and achieve financial and strategic objectives through the administration and governance of data strategy and reporting. The Finance BA manages all the data needs for CA’s finance organization, including data system design, data gathering, modeling, and reporting. Apply your technical data skills to drive strategy and improve company finance operations! The impact you’ll have: Support and coordinate the enhancement of our chart of accounts project (COA). You’ll partner with business, accounting, FP&A, and IT teams to significantly enhance financial structure within Workday, partner with IT developer to deploy changes, and support roll-out to the business through trainings. Partner with the Finance Business Partner to work on the companywide dashboard enhancement project. You’ll work closely with Leadership team, BI team, and IT team to define the business requirements, explain the calculation to the technical team, validate the data accuracy, and deliver the project on time. Develop a detailed understanding of the key financial and operational metrics for each of CA’s business units. You’ll implement processes to review requirements and determine eligibility for standardization. Formalize standard methods in accessing and utilizing data and share across all business units; work with IT to ensure business has self-service access to system reports. Translate data requirements from finance and key partners to technical requirements and work with IT side by side to execute and deliver the results. Design, implement and own the logical data models within our systems, including procurement, HCM, Workday, ADP, and Concur. You’ll coordinate all data model reviews between Finance & Accounting, IT, and BI. Drive the automation strategy for the all the manual reporting/analytics within Finance Serve as the finance subject matter expert to assist in business system implementation and integrations. Who we’re looking for: Bachelor’s degree in math, economic, data science, finance, or similar quantitative field 1-3 years of work experience in business analysis, data analysis, data visualization Strong understanding of statistics and analytics principles Experience in software accounting desired Experience in finance domains and understand finance/business metrics Demonstrated analytical and project management skills, including thorough understanding of how to interpret business needs and translate them into functional requirements Experience in finance domains like fixed assets, GAAP, accounts payable, accounts receivables, accruals, and invoicing required Experience in ERP, Workday strongly preferred Understanding of relational data models and data warehousing concepts Ongoing learner with ability and desire to learn and incorporate new and complex concepts quickly High attention to detail and ability to follow complicated directions Effective decision making, ownership, and accountability Able to handle ambiguity and favorably navigate through stressful situations and pressing deadlines High-energy performer who thrives in a fast-paced environment We’d also love to see, though not required: Master’s degree in math, economic, data science, finance, or similar quantitative field Experience with leading BI tools such as DOMO Location: This position is fully remote.  Compensation & benefits: Competitive salary with great benefits including health, dental, and vision insurance, employer contributed 401k.
This position is expected to carry out sophisticated operations to procure, transform and organize data to be used to develop insightful and actionable information. He or she will report to the Head of DS/Analytics and work closely with our Head of Engineering to stand up an AWS Data Lake and Analytics Platform to provide necessary data structure to fuel innovation, analytics and automation.   Define and build relational databases from multiple different sources such as Medical Claims, Eligibility Files, Customer Relation Management data (Salesforce) and more. Setup ingestion schemes for the integration of raw data into S3 buckets and into Redshift. Execution of automation to deploy data pipelines. (AWS Pipeline, Glue, SSIS, DigDag, Lambda) Perform quantitative and qualitative testing of data upon ingest and DB loading. Manage some DevOps responsibilities such as server maintenance for tooling. Elevate our data ecosystem and ensure our processes are efficient and modern. Maintain and develop AWS architecture including current tooling while recommending new development based on business requirements.   Requirements Bachelor's in Computer Science, business, statistics, information sciences healthcare, design, engineering required. Master's in Healthcare, Computer Science, Informatics, Analytics, Statistics, Engineering Preferred Healthcare data experience can be a plus. Experience with Salesforce is nice to have. Experience using APIs for data automation and extraction is useful. Mulesoft, Informatica, or other data management tooling is a plus. Significant background with SQL and Python is required. Competency with AWS. (S3, Redshift, RDS, EMR) Being conversant in data science packages within R, Python would be useful.
We’re looking for a CRM Data analyst to support the work of associates who develop CRM analyses that influence personalized marketing strategies and other strategic decisions, both in-store and online. You will impact Publix by impacting customer-facing programs involving budgets, and in the uncovering of insights that feed strategic decision makers with critical information used in driving our business. Your accurate execution of your job is critical for thorough and correct delivery of the work to the decision makers and the end customer.  Additional responsibilities include: completing analytics requests, including communicating key findings to support strategic decision needs across the enterprise that require CRM Analytics input. executing assigned analytical processes and supporting teammates in translating the outputs into actionable tools, insights, and recommendations executing and maintaining standard processes necessary to support CRM Analytics systems. assisting in the receipt and verification of standard data deliverables associated with established vendor relationships. identifying and engaging in opportunities to grow knowledge and skills related to best practices in analytical technologies, methodologies, verification, knowledge of data sets, drawing insights, and communicating learnings. Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Analytics, Information Technology, Statistics, Data Science, Engineering, Marketing, Business, or another analytical discipline or equivalent experience at least one (1) year of CRM, analytics, computer science, digital marketing, or similar analytics field work-related experience (including relevant college coursework) at least one (1) year of experience writing SQL at least one (1) year of experience writing R code or similar functionality within other statistical tools ability to cultivate key insights critical and strategic thinking skills teamwork and collaboration skills interpersonal and emotional intelligence skills decision making skills ability to exhibit a natural curiosity when developing research deep knowledge of data and analytics methods ability to develop data visualizations knowledge of the secondary research process and methods Address: 3300 Publix Corporate Parkway
Job Description   Love data, analysis, and programming? Come work for the Bureau of Financial Services in Medicaid as a Senior Data Analyst.   The analyst performs various tasks (e.g., research, analyze, develop statistical models) for the Medicaid program, a source of medical assistance for Utah's vulnerable populations. For information about Utah's Medicaid program please click here.  This position requires programming experience with SQL, advanced experience with MS Access and professional work experience with large relational databases.  A skills test will be administered to assess skills needed for this position prior to interviews being scheduled.   Preference may be given to those with a completed Master's degree in Business Administration, Public Administration, Mathematics, Finance, Accounting or a related field as determined by the hiring official.   Why work for the Utah Department of Health? In addition to the rich benefits the State of Utah offers, the department offers:  On-site fitness center, for a minimal membership fee UTA Eco Pass, at a discounted monthly rate Teleworking opportunities On-site day care center with First Steps Day Care - contact for rates and availability, 801-538-6996  If offered this position, your employment will be contingent upon passing a background check and review. There will be no cost to you for this check. This check will include fingerprinting, which will be available at various UDOH locations for your convenience. Fingerprinting will be completed prior to your first day of employment. You may review the policy by clicking HERE. (Download PDF reader)  Example of Duties Performs statistical and/or actuarial analysis by applying appropriate protocols in analyzing data and reaching accurate conclusions. Categorizes stratifies and assigns priorities to risk factors for covered clients. Data mine multiple massive data sources and perform various analysis on the data subset. Array the data in terms of demographics, eligibility components, age, sex, severity of illness, etc., and use of data in conjunction with analysis of various services. Provide statistical and accounting data to obtain federal approval for State of Utah waiver requests. Conduct financial studies to assure reimbursement rates and methodologies conform to agency policy. Determine provider reimbursement rates. Establish capitation rates. Forecast changes for implementation of new initiatives. Maintain areas of the State Plan and Administrative Rules dealing with reimbursement, including interfacing with federal officials to ensure compliance with federal regulations. Ability to make detailed analysis, summarize findings and communicate effectively to management and other staff. Provide day-to-day monitoring and tracking of assigned reimbursement programs ensuring accurate payment of planned expenditures. Typical Qualifications (includes knowledge, skills, and abilities required upon entry into position and trainable after entry into position)  create advanced SQL queries to extract, categorize, monitor, manipulate and organize data for solving agency problems utilize advanced skills in MS Access to create workflow programs and to import data and perform high level analyses. utilize advanced skills in using MS Excel to obtain and/or import data and perform various data analyses independently evaluate patterns in data to explain variances in utilization and practice patterns perform advanced mathematical calculations to solve problems procurement and/or administration of contracts, grants, or similar agreements weigh the relative costs and benefits of a potential action make a decision or solve a problem by using logic to identify key facts, explore alternatives, and propose quality solutions use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions assess the operational impact of legislation or audit recommendations on services understand principles, theories, and practices of the Medicaid/Medicare system plan, organize and prioritize time and workload in order to accomplish tasks and meet deadlines statistical sampling, modeling and analysis techniques compile, code, categorize, calculate, tabulate, audit, verify, or process information or data read, interpret and apply laws, rules, regulations, policies and/or procedures compose and produce reports, documents and related materials communicate information and ideas clearly, and concisely, in writing; read and understand information presented in writing develop and maintain applicable professional contacts, resources and /or network rate setting for services  Supplemental Information Risks found in the typical office setting, which is adequately lighted, heated and ventilated, e.g., safe use of office equipment, avoiding trips and falls, observing fire regulations, etc. Typically, the employee may sit comfortably to perform the work; however, there may be some walking; standing; bending; carrying light items; driving an automobile, etc. Special physical demands are not required to perform the work.
Summary Posted: Jul 14, 2021 Role Number:200220083 Do you want to make Siri and Apple products smarter for our users? The AI/ML Information Intelligence teams are building groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence. We are hiring software engineers who share our passion for improving Siri's search intent and making it the best virtual assist in the market. Interested? Come join our team! You can be a part of the next revolution in human-computer interaction. As a member of this dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to shape upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s users every day. We build groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence, machine learning and human-computer interaction. Help us craft a smarter, more intuitive way to use your iPhone in your daily life, interact with content on AppleTV, and help people with disabilities access technology. Work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the AI/ML Information Intelligence team at Apple. Key Qualifications Practical knowledge of common data structures and algorithms. Understanding of high-level network protocols (HTTPS, protobuf, JSON). Understanding of distributed computing (load balancing, RPC, Map/Reduce, databases) Experience with Docker and Kubernetes. An appreciation for good API design. Ability to write correct, clear, and understandable code. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Excellent communication and teamwork skills Description You will work in a multi-functional team which is developing software to run innovative machine learning systems in the cloud and on device. You are passionate about implementing performant ML based algorithms in a distributed system and keep up to date with best practices and new technologies. You will also work closely with ML engineers to ensure their algorithms can be deployed efficiently on device and in the cloud. Education & Experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science or equivalent field
_____________________________________________________________________ Voted one of the Best Places to Work in Healthcare in 2019 & 2020 by Modern Healthcare! ____________________________________________________________________ Data Analyst I Location: Temporarily working remote due to the COVID-19 pandemic with occasional days in the office; with an anticipated transition back into our Johns Creek office in late Summer 2021 Reports To: Psychometrics Manager Who We Are NCCPA is the only certifying organization for physician assistants in the United States. Established as a not-for-profit organization in 1974, we are dedicated to assuring the public that certified PAs meet established standards of clinical knowledge and cognitive skills upon entry into practice and throughout their careers. All U.S. states, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories have decided to rely on NCCPA certification as one of the criteria for licensure or regulation of PAs. Why Work at NCCPA We get to do meaningful work every day and we enjoy working and having fun together! No wonder we’ve been voted one of the Best Places to Work in Healthcare in 2019 & 2020 by Modern Healthcare! Why Us, Why Now? As a Data Analyst, you will support NCCPA's Research & Development teams by verifying the accuracy of exam data, the accuracy of analyses and preparing large data sets with a focus on quality assurance. How Will You Make a Difference? You will… Conduct and be responsible for the quality assurance analyses of all NCCPA exam-related data. Support efforts to write/execute SQL queries to assemble data for analysis from a large relational database. Support all data needs for operational psychometric analyses. Compile and analyze data related to the exam administration and development department metric and develop reports on the findings. Be responsible for data cleaning, preparing data visualizations and assisting with analysis of data to use in exam reports and presentations. Collaborate with other departments to process exam data requests and identify external data sets that may contribute to NCCPA's research/analyses. Assist in the development of Shiny applications. Work in collaboration with a small team to develop functions, libraries and procedures for code archive within the Git environment. Hard Skills You Will Have Bachelor's degree in a related field such as Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, Psychology, Political Science, Sociology or other data-driven field. At least one year of professional experience developing code in R, Python, and/or RStudio. A minimum of six months exposure to typesetting languages like LaTeX, preferably in an R context (RMarkdown, Sweave, etc.) Exposure to version control software, preferably Git and Azure Repos. Experience working with or knowledge of large relational databases/Big Data using SQL. Experience working with data dictionaries, documentation of processes, and development and maintenance of data standards Working knowledge of statistical procedures that will allow you to work independently with minimal supervision. Soft Skills You Will Have Your highly developed time management skills and keen attention to detail. Your systematic approach to organization/planning and proven ability to meet stringent deadlines. Your excellent written and verbal communications skills with a proficiency in diplomacy. Your proven critical thinking and problem-solving skills. Your ability to work as a collaborative team player and cultivate positive relationships with staff, volunteers and external stakeholders. Benefits and Perks for You Work/Life Balance 37.5-hour workweek, Monday - Friday Flexible Work Hours Telecommute Days Eleven paid holidays 19 PTO Days Paid Volunteer Day to Make a Difference Great Compensation Medical, Dental and Vision with over 80% Employer Contribution 100% Employer Paid Group Life Insurance and Short- and Long-term Disability Health Reimbursement Account for Medical Expenses (100% Employer Funded) Flexible Spending Accounts for Medical and Dependent Care Expenses 401(k) Plan with Employer Contributions and Matching Access to Voluntary Benefits such as Legal Aid, Critical Illness, Accident Insurance, and Basic Life and AD&D for you, your spouse and dependents Employee Assistance Program 24/7 Telehealth Fully Stocked Breakroom with Healthy Snacks $1,000 Annual Reimbursement for Fitness Clubs & Program Dues Up to $240 in Annual Cash Incentives for Staying Active $5,250 in Tuition Reimbursements 100% Employer Paid Training Opportunities We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. ObPK5OreyD
Show more Introduction The Arm CoreLink CMN-600 Coherent Mesh Network is crafted for intelligent connected systems across a variety of applications including networking infrastructure, storage, server, HPC, automotive, and industrial solutions. The highly scalable mesh is optimized for Armv8-A processors and can be customized across a wide range of performance points. Our Austin-based team drives the specification, planning and development of UVM based testbenches to verify current and next generation designs. Our team completes verification for the entire interconnect solution including the transport layer, coherent interfaces, I/O bridges, registers and our coherent multi-chip link (CML). What will I be accountable for As a Design Verification Engineer, you would be delivering verification of one or more functional blocks at the unit or top level. Typical accountabilities include: Develop SystemVerilog/UVM testbenches for unit/top level. Build and maintain detailed verification plans. Generate and run test cases on logic simulation models. Debug functional errors in the RTL model using simulation and debug tools with an in-depth understanding of the microarchitecture. Define and implement functional coverage. Analysis of data from simulation runs using machine learning and data science techniques to drive efficient bug discovery and debug. Promote and demonstrate the Arm Core Beliefs and Behaviors. Job Requirements What skills, experience and qualifications do I need? Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or Electrical/Computer Engineering. Proven experience in pre-silicon verification/RTL design. Multiprocessing microarchitecture experience including knowledge of cache coherence and bus protocols (e.g. AMBA5 CHI, AMBA4 ACE or AXI). Previous experience in specification, creation, and debug of System Verilog/UVM constrained-random testbenches. Shown software engineering skills including understanding of object-oriented programming, data structures, and algorithms. Experience with functional coverage verification methods. Excellent professional knowledge of scripting languages such as Python or Perl Experience in Formal Verification testbenches is a plus. What are the desired behaviors for this role? At Arm, we are guided by our core beliefs that reflect our rare culture and guide our decisions, defining how we work together to surpass ordinary and shape extraordinary: We not I Take daily responsibility to make the Global Arm community thrive No individual is responsible for the right answer. Brilliance is collective! Information is crucial, share it Realize that we win when we collaborate — and that everyone misses out when we don’t Passion for progress Our differences are our strength. Widen and mix up your network of connections Difficult things can take unexpected directions. Stick with it Make feedback positive and expansive, not negative and narrow! The essence of progress is that it can’t stop. Grow with it and lead your own progress Be your brilliant self Be quirky not egocentric Recognize the power in saying ‘I don’t know’ We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform crucial job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. #LI-ML1 Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of any characteristic.
Through its people and brands, CNH Industrial delivers power, technology and innovation to farmers, builders and drivers all around the world. Each of its brands, including Case IH, New Holland Agriculture, Case and New Holland Construction, FPT Industrial, Capital, and Aftermarket Solutions, is a major international force in its specific sector.  We are currently seeking a dynamic Data Scientist - Materials Supply Chain to join our successful manufacturing operations team in Racine, WI. As part of the material planning team supporting machining and assembly off-road (Tractor) manufacturing operations, this position is responsible for analysis using data mining techniques and advanced statistics to enable better decision making and deliver business value. Individual will work independently to design, develop and maintain reports and systematic processes to help the material planning team make decisions to ensure products arrive using the most efficient/cost effective methods to ensure safety, quality and on-time delivery.  Additional responsibilities include: Maintain the plant's current Material Requirements Planning (MRP) systems, including forecast parameters and data integrity. Create ad-hoc reports and present data in a logical informative manner for a variety of internal functional stakeholders. Create on-demand reports based on material planning group needs. Generate analytic insights to determine root cause KPI performance deviations to help solve complex supply chain issues. Coordinate information flows with purchasing, manufacturing plant operations and plant meterials team. Develop and maintain meaningful dashboards and reports to guide impactful decisions to drive key performance indicators (KPIs) to deliver production schedules. Knowlede of material requirements planning (MRP), supply chain/material planning, material order process and/or demand forecasting.  The qualified candidate will have : Bachelor’s degree in Industrial Engineering, Business Analytics, Statistics or other closely related field. 5 or more years of total supply chain experience with at least 3 or more years in a business intelligence/data analysis role.  The ideal candidate will have: Prefer eight (8) or more years of experience in business infromation systems. Strong technical skills and aptitude, with demonstrated ability to learn new systems quickly. Strong attention to detail and analytical thinking required to deliver accurate forecasts. Prior experience summarizing large quantities of data using both analytical and creative problem solving skills to build actionable data models minimizing business risk and optimizing productivity. Proficient in SQL, Visual basic and advanced Excel skills.  CNH Industrial is an equal opportunity employer. This company considers candidates regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Applicants can learn more about their rights by viewing the federal "EEO is the Law" poster and its supplement here .  CNH Industrial participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. You can view additional information here.  If you need reasonable accommodation with the application process, please call 1-800-889-4422 option 1 and then option 5, or contact us at narecruitingmailbox@cnhind.com.  Read about our company’s commitment to pay transparency by clicking this link: pay transparency notice .
Junior Data Management Analyst (JDMA) Responsibilities:  Assist the Senior Data Management Analyst (SDMA) in all activities required to modernize the management and analysis of data within the Ship maintenance Community. The roles and responsibilities of the JDMA will be similar in nature to those of the SDMA but at a level commensurate with the knowledge and experience of the candidate. Qualifications:  Master of Science (MS) degree or BS/BA in computer science, data science, computational science, or related field  Proficient in a broad range of data tools and technologies (e.g., Oracle, SAP BusinessObjects), and machine languages (e.g., Python, R/RStudio)  Experience with designing and monitoring data integration pipelines  Experience translating data integration requirements from functional to technical domains  An ability to draw connections between data metrics and potential business drivers  Proven experience in data quality discipline, analytics skills, and meticulous problem-solving Strong interpersonal skills  Detail oriented with strong organizational skills  Ability to work with little or no supervision, while highly collaborative with the Senior Data Strategy Analyst (SDSA)  U.S. citizenship and Secret clearance (with an ability to obtain a Top Secret clearance)
Summary Posted: Jul 1, 2021 Role Number:200263086 Apple is seeking a ML Graphics Engineer who is exceptionally creative and innovative to join a team of industry-leading developers in their pursuit of innovative algorithms for 3D human visualization. Design and implement ML graphics workflows and procedural systems while working closely with a small team in a collaborative nature. Be forward-thinking in a fast paced, start-up environment with a drive to enable a team to scale productively and efficiently. The individual should be able to collaborate with multi-functional teams to develop algorithms and generate data to build software solutions for Apple’s next generation products. To succeed within this role, you should have shown experience in several of the following areas: Key Qualifications Excellent programming skills in Python and/or C/C++ in a Linux/and or MacOS environment Solid foundation in 3D geometry, data structures and algorithms, and linear algebra Extensive knowledge of general computer vision and deep learning Solid understanding and experience of deep generative models Understanding of physics-based simulation methods Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills Description Apple makes the newest technologies accessible to create amazing user experiences. You will have the opportunity to work in a multi-functional team to develop tools and algorithms for human visualization. You will need a keen understanding and deep experience in 3D human development - photogrammetry, shading, rigging, simulation, ML, and pipelines. Your work will help synthetic human generation and the data will be essential to build advanced software solutions! Education & Experience BS/MS/PhD in machine learning, computer science, computer graphics, or equivalent experience Additional Requirements Experience on camera/depth sensing device/optical device test would be a plus Experience in anatomy-based 3D human rigging, computational hair modeling, and physically-based shading would be a plus Experience in 3D graphics applications such as Maya, Houdini or others Good understanding of modern rendering fundamentals such as PBR, IBL would be a plus
HHSC is seeking a Data Analyst to join an interdisciplinary team of professionals who support the 13 State Supported Living Centers (SSLC) across Texas. As a Data Analyst, you will work with a dynamic group of staff who are dedicated to providing supports and services for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. This is a team environment where staff members collaborate to provide comprehensive care and services in a fast-paced environment, and rely upon data to ensure optimal results. To learn more about the SSLCs, see https://hhs.texas.gov/services/disability/intellectual-or-developmental-disabilities-idd-long-term-care. The State of Texas offers many benefits to employees, including competitive salaries, career advancement, health and dental insurance, and paid vacation and sick leave.   The data analyst is responsible for providing oversight and guidance to program staff in the collection, review, and validation of electronic health data required for tracking and trending quality of care. This includes the development and maintenance of management tools and reports associated with an electronic health record and the data required for advancing the state’s quality improvement efforts and service monitoring. The position requires the use of relational database management systems, including the development of queries, and report development software to gather, review, and analyze data. The position also involves working with program staff to ensure data integrity. Work involves conducting complex and detailed analysis of and extensive research on data and reporting results. Other duties include responding to ad hoc data requests. The data analyst also serves as the liaison with state office data analysts. The ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team is essential. The position works under limited direction with significant latitude and independent judgment in work activities.   Essential Job Functions: Attends work on a regular basis and may be required to work a specific shift schedule or, at times, even a rotating schedule, extended shift, and/or overtime in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned.   Designs and maintains administrative reports using data from an electronic health record and internal monitoring tools and databases.   Writes queries to access data for analysis and reporting.   Maintains a relational database system and spreadsheets to track and trend quality of care data.   Develops and implements tools to track the accuracy and integrity of data reporting.   Establishes processes for analyzing and validating data used to calculate outcome measures.   Works with interdisciplinary teams to research and correct data issues.   Acts as a liaison with state office data analysts and HHSC IT.   Assists in identifying and interpreting data patterns and trends.   Responds to ad hoc data requests and/or submissions to State Office.   Conducts frequent audits using reports to verify information entered into the electronic health record is accurate.   Other duties as assigned include, but are not limited to, actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location.   Knowledge Skills Abilities: Skill managing data in a relational database management system, including the development of queries, and report development software.  Skill in the use of computers and applicable software in conducting data searches and data cleaning.  Skill in the proficient use of MS Excel including formulas.  Skill in critical thinking.  Ability to gather, review, and analyze data.  Ability to maintain accuracy and attention to detail.  Ability to prioritize work and meet deadlines.  Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.  Ability and willingness to learn new systems.  Ability and willingness to be a team player and work well with a variety of stakeholders.  Knowledge, or ability to gain knowledge, of agency programs, policies, and service delivery processes.  Registration or Licensure Requirements: None required   Initial Selection Criteria: Some college/university level coursework in data science, business analytics, computer science, computer information systems, management information systems, accounting, finance, mathematics, statistics, economics, or a related field is generally preferred.  Experience in data analysis, research, and report design.  Experience in designing, developing, and maintaining queries and reports.  Experience working with electronic health records is strongly preferred   Additional Information: Requisition# 491792.   Applicants must pass a fingerprint criminal background check, pre-employment drug screen, and registry checks including the Client Abuse/Neglect Reporting System (CANRS), Nurse Aide, Medication Aide and Employee Misconduct and HHS OIG List of Excluded Individuals/ Entities. Males between the ages of 18 – 25 must be registered with the Selective Service.   All State Supported Living Center employees are subject to Random drug testing.   Flexibility in work hours may be required for this position. The position may be required to work overtime and/or extended hours. Must be willing to work weekends and holidays.   All applicants must be at least 18 years of age to be considered for employment at a state-operated facility.   All new hire candidates will be required to receive COVID-19 medical screening (nasal test) as part of the due diligence process.   MOS Code: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 68C, 66N/P/W, 290X, 46FX, 46NX, 46SX. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx  HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
Overview:  The desired candidate can sit in either Charlotte, NC or Winston-Salem, NC Novant Health is inviting application to a Data Scientist position in its Data Science and AI group. As part of the team, you will use big data + AI to advance our understanding of disease and patient care, and to solve real world problems in medicine and healthcare.  Novant Health is a four-state integrated system of outpatient centers and hospitals. Its network consists of more than 1,600 physicians and 29,000 employees at more than 640 locations, including 15 medical centers and hundreds of outpatient facilities and physician clinics. At Novant Health, one of our core values is diversity and inclusion. By engaging the strengths and talents of each team member, we ensure a strong organization capable of providing remarkable healthcare to our patients, families and communities. Therefore, we invite applicants from all group dynamics to apply to our exciting career opportunities. Qualifications: Education: Master's Degree or above in Data Science, Health Informatics, Biomedical Informatics, Statistics/Biostatistics, Computer Science, Math or related fields. Technical Skills Required: Proficiency with Python, R, SQL, Unix/Linux shell, Git; Hands-on experiences in large datasets including clinical, biomedical, image, text or sensor data; Deep understanding of machine learning and deep learning methods and frameworks (Tensorflow, Keras, Pytorch, etc); Hands-on experience in designing, developing, and deploying machine learning models; Ability to drive/travel to multiple locations/facilities as needed.. Additional Skills Preferred: Cloud, HPC, distributed computing, Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark; Natural Language Processing and Understanding; Software and web development Strong writing, communication and project management skills. Responsibilities: Major responsibilities of the data scientist include but not limited to: Collect, process, integrate, analyze and visualize large scale clinical data; Design, develop and deploy machine learning/deep learning models, software and workflows; Communicate and collaborate with technical and non-technical team members to identify, analyze and solve clinical or business related problems. It is the responsibility of every Novant Health team member to deliver the most remarkable patient experience in every dimension, every time. Our team members are part of an environment that fosters team work, team member engagement and community involvement. The successful team member has a commitment to leveraging diversity and inclusion in support of quality care. All Novant Health team members are responsible for fostering a safe patient environment driven by the principles of "First Do No Harm".
Maximize your potential with IntelliGenesis!  IntelliGenesis LLC has supported Department of Defense and Intelligence Community customers since 2007 by providing next generation capabilities for: Offensive & Defensive Cyber Services, National Security Cyber Training, Data Science & Decision-Making Analytics, Intelligence Analysis, and Intelligence Solutions Engineering.  IntelliGenesis offers an extremely competitive and generous benefits package that provides employees with both professional and personal satisfaction and growth while keeping focus on supporting the mission. Additionally, our employees enjoy a company culture that emphasizes the importance of family and work/life balance. Our benefits include: Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, 25 days of PTO with the option to purchase up to an additional 5 days, 12 paid holidays, up to 10% 401k match, Annual Individual Technology Budget, Unlimited Education/Training Reimbursements, and much more!  If you meet the criteria below, we want you in our Language Analyst Talent Community! Your qualifications will be considered as openings arise.  Required Skills:  Must be a US Citizen Active TS/SCI clearance and polygraph required Documented DLPT scores (or equivalent) within 12 months is required; Native, minimum 2/2 or equivalent is preferred Familiar with a variety of the Intelligence Community's (IC) concepts, practices, and procedures Familiarity with the history, culture, and contemporary political-military affairs of target areas beneficial Relies on extensive experience and judgement to plan and accomplish goals Ability to perform a variety of complex tasks Successful completion of one tour in either an IC or DOD (service level) capacity is desired A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected  IntelliGenesis, LLC is an EOE M/F/D/V
At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference. We are looking for a new team member! A results-oriented individual to contribute to our cheminformatics and data management initiatives to empower scientists at our Research and Early Development (R&ED) Thematic Research Centers. This hands-on role will partner closely with our computational researchers across discovery and translational sciences to transform internal and external data so that it is suitable for drug discovery ML/AI efforts. We are seeking a highly collaborative individual with experience processing, integrating, and mining a wide range of research data types. RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO, THE FOLLOWING: Working interactively research scientists, computational scientists, and engineers to identify and deliver on prioritized data needs for Research objectives and program decisions. Ensuring our data workflows drive value for scientists, collaborators and patients. Identifying, understanding, and curating internal chemistry project data so that it is FAIR (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable and Reusable) Collaborating with scientists to build data products and visualizations to answer scientific questions Ensuring the accurate, complete and timely collection, delivery and tracking of data from external or internal partners for analysis, reporting and presentation Collaborating on development of R&ED data plans that outline data capture, data flow, data queries, manual checks, and data listings needed to ensure data integrity Working with computational scientists to resolve any data issues found during analysis  EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE PhD with at least 5 year’s experience or Masters with 10 year’s experience (e.g. Data Science, Computer Science, Cheminformatics, Bioinformatics, Epidemiology, Biology, Chemistry, Genomics) Strong understanding of molecular biology concepts, multi-dimensional ‘omics’ data and modern approaches to data integration and data processing workflows Excellent programming skills in scientific languages such as R or Python. Experience with FAIR (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable and Reusable) data concepts and knowledge graphs. Experience building data products and APIs using frameworks such as Shiny, DASH and Streamlit Along with programming proficiency, you must show a strong capacity for independent thinking and care about the underlying scientific questions! We are Knowledge Science Research, part of the Informatics and Predictive Sciences Organization in R&ED. Join us and make a difference for patients! We hire the best people and provide them with a fun work environment that places a premium on diversity, integrity, collaboration and personal development. Through a culture of inclusion, we create a better, more productive work environment. We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees are critical to driving innovation and science. Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues. Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives. Our company is committed to ensuring that people with disabilities can excel through a transparent recruitment process, reasonable workplace adjustments and ongoing support in their roles. Applicants can request an approval of accommodation prior to accepting a job offer. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application, or any part of the recruitment process direct your inquiries to adastaffingsupport@bms.com. Visit careers.bms.com/eeo-accessibility to access our complete Equal Employment Opportunity statement.
Duties Summary This position is part of the Air Force Elements, U.S. Transportation Command, Transportation Command. The incumbent will serve as a data scientist, performing various duties associated with the application of, or research into, computer science methods and techniques to store, manipulate, transform, or present information. Responsibilities This position is being filled under DoD Modified Direct Hire Authority, Section 1109; PL, 116-92, dated 12/20/2019 .  This position is being filled under AcqDemo Direct Hiring Authority (DHA) for non-acquisition positions involving 51% or more of time in direct support of acquisition positions within Business and Technical Management Professional Career path.  As a COMPUTER SCIENTIST at the NH-1550-3 some of your typical work assignments may include:  Directs the development of advanced concepts of automation and information processing display, control, and transfer. Orchestrates development of software systems using knowledge of techniques, procedures, and processes such as operating system theory, data structures, computer system architecture, software engineering, and computer communications. Ensures underlying infrastructure supports software architecture security and performance requirements for high volume complex data exchanges. Leverages unique Command, Control, Communications, and Cyber expertise across all disciplines to implement integrated cloud, data, cybersecurity, and sustainment strategies.  Travel Required Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential None Job family (Series) 1550 Computer Science Similar jobs Computer And Information Research Scientists Computer Research Scientists Control System Computer Scientists Information Research Scientists Scientists, Computer Research Scientists, Control System Computer Requirements  Requirements Conditions of Employment Must be a U.S. Citizen Occasional Travel Work Schedule: Full-time Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service Suitable for Federal employment, determined by a background investigation May be required to successfully complete a probationary period Overtime: Occasionally Tour of Duty: Flexible Recruitment Incentives: May be authorized Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA): Exempt Financial Disclosure: OGE-450, Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, required. Telework Eligibility: This position is eligible for regular and recurring telework. Travel and relocation expenses, if approved, will be paid IAW JTR and AFMAN 36-606. Qualifications You may qualify at the NH 03 if you fulfill the following qualifications:  A. One year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade-level (NH-02/GS-11), or equivalent pay system in the Federal service, military, or private sector which is in or directly related to the line of work of the position. Qualifying specialized experience would include: Using advanced programming techniques to include, but not limited to, object-orientated design, advanced data structures, and efficient numerical algorithms. Analyzing information systems processes to identify shortfalls, assessing alternative solutions, providing recommendations, and implementing plans and procedures based on data-driven metrics. Making informed recommendations based on technical expertise and experience that influence enterprise implementation decisions. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.  In addition to meeting qualifications, your application package must reflect the applicable experience to meet the Individual Occupational Requirements for the 1550, series as listed below:  At least a Bachelor's degree in computer science or a bachelor's degree in any discipline with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. At least 15 of the 30 semester hours must have included any combination of statistics and mathematics that included differential and integral calculus. All academic degrees and course work must be from accredited or pre-accredited institutions. Education Substitution of education may not be used in lieu of specialized experience for this grade level.  IMPORTANT NOTE: You MUST provide transcripts to support your educational claim. This position has requirements for specific coursework that MUST be reflected on your transcripts. If the required courses were obtain in an undergraduate program, you must submit that transcript. Submitting a graduate degree transcript will not suffice unless the required courses were obtained during the graduate program. Unless otherwise stated unofficial transcripts are acceptable at time of application  FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: Foreign Education Additional information Other Notes: A certification in Data Science is highly desirable.  Financial Disclosure: Required (OGE-450), In accordance with the Ethics in Government Act 1978, employee is required to file an OGE Form 450, Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, upon appointment and will be required to file annually  This position DOES NOT meet criteria for re-employed annuitant. The DoD criteria for hiring Re-employed Annuitants can be found at: http://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf  All applicants must meet qualifications and eligibility criteria by the closing date of the announcement.  Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service (see https://www.sss.gov/RegVer/wfRegistration.aspx  How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. We will review your resume and supporting documents, to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. We will evaluate each applicant who meets the basic qualifications on the information provided and evaluate your relevant work experiences as it relates to fundamental competencies, identified below, required for this position.  Traditional rating and ranking of applications does not apply to this vacancy. Your application (resume, transcripts and supporting documentation) will be evaluated to determine if you meet the minimum qualifications required as listed on the announcement under qualification requirements.  Veterans Preference: Per Section 9905 of title 5, U.S. Code (U.S.C.) Veterans Preference do not apply to this vacancy announcement.  Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Secret Drug test required No Position sensitivity and risk Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk Trust determination process Suitability/Fitness Required Documents  Required Documents Your complete application includes your COMPLETE resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further.  The following documents are REQUIRED 1. Your resume:  Your resume may be submitted in any format. It must include your name and contact information and support the specialized experience described in this announcement. For qualifications determinations your resume must contain the number of hours worked per week and the dates including month and year of employment (i.e.," HRS per week and month/year" or "HRS per week and month/year to present"). For additional information see: What to include in your resume. 2. Transcripts This position has a degree or education requirement so you are required to submit a copy of your transcript showing credit for specific coursework outlined in the qualifications section of this announcement. Degrees in any discipline other than a Computer Science: If the required courses were obtain in an undergraduate program, you must submit that transcript. Submitting a graduate degree transcript only will not suffice in verifying those specific course requirements were satisfied unless the required courses were obtained during the graduate program and are reflected as such, or unless the graduate degree awarded is in Computer Science. We accept unofficial transcripts, as long as they contain your name, the name of the school, the date and degree that was awarded, and the lists of classes and credits earned. 3. Additional documentation required if currently or previously held a federal position: latest or last SF-50.  PLEASE REVIEW THE BELOW LINK FOR OTHER SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS needed for proof of eligibility:  https://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/FourthEstateRequiredSupportingDocumentation%2011-16-2020.pdf?ver=Lgkkn1HW9a8is7V2lyCS2Q%3d%3d Benefits  Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Military spouses The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency All U.S. Citizens
Location: Los Altos, CA Schedule: Monday-Friday, 9 AM - 5 PM Assignment Length: 6 month contract   HireArt is helping Toyota Research Institute (TRI) hire a highly motivated Jr. Data Engineer. In this role, you’ll be a part of the Annotation Operations team and contribute to data reporting and process automations. At TRI, the Annotation Operations team is responsible for managing and auditing (QAing) data to provide accurately labeled annotations for machine learning research and development. As Jr. Data Engineer, you'll contribute to this effort by generating quality reports and improving and automating operational processes pertaining to managing and auditing labeled data.  As Jr. Data Engineer, you will: Work closely with Annotation QA Specialists and the Data Engineering team to create scripts to help automate the quality assurance process. Analyze large amounts of annotated data and generate quality reports for stakeholders. Design and implement improvements to the audit management process. Set up automated cost and quality checks and monitors/dashboards. Report bugs to internal and external teams.  Requirements  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience Proficient in Python, SQL and Git Intermediate to advanced data analysis (e.g., pandas) Experience using/interacting with REST APIs and databases (e.g., Postgres) Experience with data annotation and data analysis with regards to driving or other relevant experience is preferred but not required Strong attention to detail Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Commitment: This is a full-time (40 hours per week), 6-month contract position staffed via HireArt and based in Los Altos, CA. Work for this role will begin remotely but transition to on-site once offices reopen this year. HireArt values diversity and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. Unfortunately, we are not able to sponsor visas or employ corp-to-corp.  Company Description  At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics, and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we’ll...Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver.Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility.Bring advanced mobility technology to the market faster.Discover new materials that will make drive batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive and more powerful. Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in how we research, develop, and validate the performance of vehicle technology to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry-leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries Ph.D. degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work-life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun start-up environment with brilliant people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve our goals. If you’re passionate about working with smart people to make cars safer, enable the elderly to age in place, or design alternative fuel sources, TRI is the place for you. ‒ Start your impossible with us.
DOCOMO Innovations Inc. is seeking qualified candidates for a full-time position in wireless research and development, particularly in the area of AI for RAN and 6G. Candidates for the position must have PhD or equivalent experiences and a solid foundation in wireless communications, statistical signal processing, and machine learning. In-depth knowledge of one or more of the following areas is a plus: network optimization, communication systems for mm wave and beyond, large antenna array technologies, and state-of-the-art deep learning techniques and algorithms. In addition, strong coding skills are required in Python and MATLAB.  Candidates are expected to show initiative in formulating and solving problems, developing algorithms, and conducting simulations to support concepts. The selected candidate will work as part of a research and development team, pursuing cutting-edge research as well as focused investigations in support of advancements in DOCOMO's network optimization.  DOCOMO Innovations Inc. (DII) is an overseas Research and Development (R&D) arm of NTT DOCOMO, Japan's premier mobile operator. We are located at the heart of Silicon Valley.
Summary Posted: Jul 23, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200224021 We are looking for an experienced distributed systems and infrastructure engineer to develop and refine of our large scale machine learning infrastructure. Key Qualifications Apply techniques from the literature for efficient multi-node model training and inference Support research on novel, efficient machine learning techniques Maintain a toolkit for model training and inference across heterogeneous compute platforms Profile and optimize multi-node training code to identify and fix bottlenecks Description Strong software engineering skills Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Experience in building automation tools Education & Experience PhD, or equivalent practical experience, in Computer Science, or related technical field
Machine Learning Engineer We are a top rated think tank focused within machine learning, signal processing, wireless communications and robotics. We work on both private and government contracts with a team of 40% PhD researchers and supporting industry leading engineers to develop the latest technologies and solutions. We are currently looking for a Machine Learning Expert to focus on AI, NLP, Deep Learning and Imaging Processing. This will be a research heavy position with proposal writing and publications a regular component of the role. Existing research / publication experience and a MS or PHD is preferred. Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Top Benefits 2. Guaranteed Bonus and Promotion Structure 3. Collaborative PhD level teams What You Need for this PositionMachine LearningResearchDeep LearningNLPImage Processing Proposal Writing So, if you are a Machine Learning Engineer with NLP Experience, please apply today!Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in Bioengineering, Biochemistry, Biostatistics, Chemical Engineering, Computer Science, or similar discipline Experience with one or more of the protein modeling and design software such as Schrodinger, Rosetta, Discovery Studio, MOE, GROMACS, Amber, or NAMD Experience with protein visualization software such as PyMOL Statistics training and experience in data science methods (random forest, support vector machine, clustering, neural networks and deep learning) Knowledge of database management systems such as Oracle/MySQL/PostgreSQL Fluent in programming in a Linux environment using Python, other programming proficiency desirable PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Experience using computational tools to improve enzyme activity and specificity Experience developing prediction models with machine-learning/deep-learning techniques PREFERRED WORKING STYLE: Must be very well-organized and be able to handle multiple projects simultaneously. Must be a quick learner who is self-motivated and able to ask questions and seek clarity. Must be flexible with day-to-day duties and able to thrive in a start-up environment. Must be an excellent team member with strong communication skills and a desire to work collaboratively. Must hold him or herself to the highest professional, scientific and ethical standards.
After Inc., a leading provider of warranty/marketing analytics and technology solutions, is seeking a Statistician to join our team.  About This Position  When you join After Inc. you are joining a firm that brings together marketing, strategy, analytics and technology in a unique package to drive increased profits for our clients. The Statistician will work with our advanced analytics group to deliver statistical analyses and modeling results to our clients.  Qualifications  To perform this job successfully the candidate must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required:  Masters or Phd in Statistics, Applied Math, Econometrics or closely related field. 0-3 years work experience. Recent graduates are encouraged to apply. A deep understanding of various statistical methods, such as linear and logistic regression, time series, design of experiments, etc. Experience with survival analysis (i.e. censored data) is preferred. Statistical programming experience: SAS programming and ability to use base SAS and SQL to deal with various analytical and data processing tasks, and/or; R programming and ability to use R statistical, reporting and database packages to deal with various analytical and data processing tasks Experience working with large datasets and complex relational data models Effective oral and written communication skills Role and Responsibilities  The Statistician will report to a Manager or Director of Analytics and will have a number of important responsibilities, including:  Interface with various database platforms to pull data and link them logically; know how to deal with the inherent structure of the data. Use SAS and/or R to perform standard statistical analysis, profiling, reporting and model implementation. Build statistical models, such as linear or logistic regression, survival and other parametric or non-parametric models that predict various business metrics. Summarize and present results for non-technical client audience. Work with senior Analytics personnel to develop new methods for statistical analysis and visualization.  Competitive salary and benefits based on experience are offered for this position.  How to Apply  Apply at https://afterinc.recruiterbox.com. Please include a brief cover letter outlining your qualifications for this position. In your cover letter, describe a recent project, your role, and what value you created on the project.   No recruiters, please.
Job No: 511699 Work Type: On Campus Location: Normal, Illinois  Title: Data Scientist  Department: Enterprise Data and Analytics  Campus Location: Normal, IL  General Summary  The Data Scientist is responsible for developing, maintaining and enhancing statistical and machine learning and optimization algorithms to create tools that support strategic decision making for the University. This position provides all aspects of data analysis and data profiling in support of machine learning and artificially intelligence environment. This position also performs research and analysis of source system data primarily housed within administrative systems such as: Human Resource, Finance, Student, Advancement, Athletics and Facilities.  Required Qualifications Master's Degree in Statistics, Engineering, or Technology or closely related field Minimum 1 year experience with scientific and computing packages such as R, Python or Stata gained through coursework or previous work experience Minimum 1 year experience working in a higher education environment  Minimum 1 year experience with SQL query language to extract data for use in predictive models Minimum 1 year experience using Regression or related statistical models to create predictive analytics models Work Hours  Core Hours: 8:00am-4:30pm, Monday through Friday  Functional Expectations  Must be able to complete the following with or without a reasonable accommodation: 1. Ability to maintain a high level of concentration.  2. Ability to work for extended periods at computer workstation. 3. Ability to use a computer in day-to-day work (i.e. type on a keyboard and use a mouse). 4. Ability to distinguish colors on a monitor. 5. Ability to effectively communicate on a daily basis.  Proposed Starting Date  October/November 2021  Required Applicant Documents  Resume Reference List  PLEASE NOTE: These documents are required to be submitted online in order to complete the application process. Please have these documents ready prior  Optional Applicant Documents  Transcripts - See Special Instructions to Applicants for additional options  PLEASE NOTE: These documents may be submitted online in order to complete the application process. Please have these documents ready prior  Special Instructions for Applicants  Please fully complete the entire application including, but not limited to, the education and work experience portions. Please list all education and all jobs you have had. Do not leave gaps in employment. You must list all duties you performed in the job duties section (Phrases such as "See Resume" are not acceptable). Failure to follow any of these instructions may constitute an incomplete application. Incomplete applications will not be considered.   College or university transcripts (may be unofficial) must be submitted prior to the application deadline in order to receive full consideration. Transcripts can either be uploaded with your application or submitted via the options listed below.   In order to be eligible for Veteran's Preference points on the exam, a copy of your DD-214 must be submitted prior to the application deadline.   Transcripts and/or DD-214 paperwork may be faxed or mailed to Human Resources by the application deadline:  Fax: 309.438.0011, Attn: Kira Shelton  Address: Illinois State University  Human Resources  Campus Box 1300  Normal, IL 61790-1300   The Civil Service examination for this classification is based on your application materials. No participation other than submission of applicant materials is required from applicants that qualify to take the exam. If you meet the minimum required qualifications for this position, you will receive a score calculated based on your education and experience, and your name will be placed on the active employment register by exam score. After the application deadline, the names within the top three scores will be referred to the department for interview. The active register for this classification will be voided when the position is filled.  Contact Information for Applicants  Kira Shelton Human Resources kgshelt@ilstu.edu (309) 438-2120  Important Information for Applicants  If this position is Security Sensitive or if you are subject to a criminal background investigation based on University policy, employment is contingent upon you passing a satisfactory criminal background investigation. You may not begin work until the criminal background investigation results have been received and cleared by Human Resources.  Illinois State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.  If you are an individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) or other state or federal law you may request an accommodation by contacting the Office of Equal Opportunity and Access at (309) 438-3383. The Office of Equal Opportunity and Access will hold any confidential information you provide in confidence.   If you are having difficulty accessing the system, please call Human Resources at (309) 438-8311.  Application Opened: 07/12/2021 12:00 PM CST Application Closes: 09/11/2021 11:55 PM CST
Raleigh-Durham Data Science Tutor Jobs  It’s back-to-school time and the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science tutors nationally and in Raleigh-Durham. As a tutor who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money, choose your own hours, and truly make a difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid 2x per week. Choose to tutor as much or as little as you want. Set your own hours and schedule. Get paired with students best-suited to your teaching style and preferences (from thousands of potential clients). Tutor online (i.e. “work remotely”) using our purpose-built Live Learning Platform. Students can take adaptive assessments through the platform and share results to help you decide where to focus. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a tutor:  You have excellent communication skills and a friendly, approachable personality. You can show subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have the ability to personalize lessons for each student.  >Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors and 1-on-1 Online Tutoring  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. With 1-on-1 Online Tutoring, individual students are connected with tutors for a highly personalized learning experience. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right tutors can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.  Please note: Varsity Tutors does not contract in: Alaska, California, Delaware, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia or Puerto Rico.
Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But we've got more left to do â€” and that's where you come in!  Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we have also entered into literacy with Duolingo ABC and English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test.  We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!  Duolingo is looking for a recent graduate with expertise in psychometrics, with the desire and ability to support psychometric foundational and operational research, and operational excellence for the Duolingo English Test. You will join Duolingo's growing research team and contribute to agile, ongoing development of the Duolingo English Test, supporting our efforts to advance Duolingo's mission through science.  What You'll Do...  Interact with hardworking researchers, engineers, and designers to bring psychometric operational excellence principles to life for research assessment instruments Help develop psychometric methodology for a high quality assessment, such as quality control processes to monitor test item and score integrity and conducting studies related to the validity of test scores Share research findings with partners through blogs, technical reports, conference presentations (AERA/NCME, IACAT, etc.), and peer-reviewed journals (Journal of Educational Measurement, Language Testing, Psychometrika, etc.)  What we're looking forâ€¦  PhD in psychometrics, statistics, educational measurement, or a related field graduating between August 2021 - Fall 2022 Research expertise and publication record in the field of psychometrics/educational measurement commensurate with the seniority Outstanding interpersonal communication and organizational skills Evidence of innovation in psychometric research/analysis Excellent skills in open-source data science tools, such as R and Python Ability to relocate to Pittsburgh, PA  Exceptional candidates will have... Experience with the design, development, and analysis of computer-adaptive tests Awareness of machine learning or natural language processing techniques, and an open mind as to how they can be integrated with more traditional psychometrics Proficiency in other languages  Why you'll love working hereâ€¦  Language learning opportunities Catered in-house lunches, and breakfast and dinner options Company-wide Hackathon PTO and company holidays Frequent company-wide dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more!
Jr Data Scientist GENERAL JOB DESCRIPTION As a Data Scientist, your role is to follow the data: analyze, visualize, and review. This Data Scientist will support the Post-Acute Care Quality Reporting Program. RESPONSIBILITES Work with stakeholders to identify key business problems, diagnose, analyze, and synthesize advanced analytics solutions. Synthesize large datasets and solve complex problems using advanced statistical modelling. Create complex data extracts from various data sources. Conceptualize, design, develop, test, and harden for deployment advanced analytics as required by the client’s problem and environment.  REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Math, Engineering or another quantitative field 1-3 years of experience in designing, developing, evaluating, and processing analytics Advanced programming/coding skills with SAS/SAS Viya, R and Python Practical experience with SQL Server, ETL, data processing, database programming Experience with peer review of programming/coding Experience transforming and manipulating data sets Excellent communication and presentation skills 1+ years working with Health Data  Preferred Qualifications: Masters Degree in Data Science or Health Sciences Data visualization experience using Tableau or other similar software. Familiarity with Medicare Data such as data available on data.cms.gov Familiarity with cloud computing Ability to work on a team in several/remote locations Strong organization skills and attention to detail Ability to communicate clearly in writing and orally Knowledge of machine learning techniques, especially deep understanding of their benefits and drawbacks in real-world applications Experience with machine learning libraries and frameworks (e.g. PyTorch, TensorFlow, Keras, scikit-learn, etc.) and numerical computing libraries (e.g. NumPy, pandas, etc.) Experience with ML techniques for NLP and time series analysis
United States, Georgia, Atlanta Inflight Services 15-Jul-2021 Ref #: 7941 How you'll help us Keep Climbing (overview & key responsibilities) The Specialist will be responsible for driving all OBS Forecast for passenger supplies. These forecasts will include forward projections for supplier production as well as projections for the procurement function.  Work closely across the organization with the stakeholders of the OBS planning, service delivery, supply chain management, and finance groups to generate operational inventory projections Generate station and warehouse targets (maximum order quantities) based on flight schedule and provisioning estimates Work closely with the OnBoard Services operational teams to understand operational changes and how they will impact inventory needs Assist in the development of a new forecasting tools Identify and develop reports for commonly requested forecast needs Create dashboards for business users Clearly articulate forecasting assumptions Work with operational team to continuously cleanse data with the expectation of constantly improving forecast projections Be well versed in all OBS processes to help brainstorm process improvement opportunities  What you need to succeed (minimum qualifications) Where permitted by applicable law, must have received or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccine by date of hire to be considered for U.S.-based job, if not currently employed by Delta Air Lines, Inc. Embraces diverse people, thinking and styles Consistently makes safety and security, of self and others, the priority Advanced degree or certification in statistics, information technology, supply chain, IT, business management, engineering or related field Knowledge of SQL required Experience with data science tools (R, Python, SAS) preferred Excellent data analytical skillsable to pull together and combine data from disparate sources to analyze and summarize into recommendations and actions Excellent cross-organization problem resolution and communication skills Demonstrated Leadership Potential  What will give you a competitive edge (preferred qualifications) N/A < Go back
Data Science Cohort Teaching AssistantPosition: Data Science Teaching AssistantStart Date: May 2021Employment Type: Part-time, contractLocation: Bronx, NYReports to: Head of Teaching and LearningTKH General OverviewThe Knowledge House’s mission is to empower and sustain a talent pipeline of technologists, entrepreneurs, and digital leaders, who will uplift their communities out of poverty. The Knowledge House (TKH) approach is to (1) close gaps in the education -to- employment pipeline in underserved Bronx neighborhoods by teaching young adults aged 18 -35 skills to launch careers or ventures in technology, and (2) support links between local youth, tech innovation, and business development that bring positive community impact.Benefits of working at The Knowledge House:Be a part of the emerging innovation and tech movement in the BronxWork with a millennial startup team that empowers all its members to contribute to solving problems and serving in leadership rolesCompetitive benefits and paid time off packageFlexible schedule hours; ability to work from home for part of the work weekJob Summary: The TKH Data Science Teacher Assistant will be primarily responsible for the following activities for the Innovation Fellowship Data Science Cohort. These include, but are not limited to the following:_1. Assisting Teaching and Student Support__ _ a. Assist in the conducting of 3 weekly four hour courses to a class of 40 fellows, between the hours of 5:30-930 Monday thru Wednesday including all taskroom management tasks, instruction, and implementation of both guided and unguided labs via Zoom.b. Manage a calendar / booking system for student office hours 4 hours a week or as needed. In person or via Zoom.c. Be prepared to review student feedback, and troubleshoot class issues during Friday Teacher Meeting.2. _Class Reporting Duties and Deliverables__ _ a. Work with the lead instructor to compile all student attendance, incident reports, lab submission rates and grades, weekly assignment submission rates and grades, and project deliverable submission rates and grades.b. Prepare to review reports during Friday Cohort Check-in.3. Recruitment & Pre training Supporta. Support students who have entered in the pre-training program by monitoring and answering questions via slack and occasionally providing 1-1 help sessions.b. Help recruitment staff in evaluating student prework.c. Help recruitment staff in supporting info sessions and workshops as needed.Qualifications: Proficient in Python3 Programming, Git and Basic Bash CommandsExperience with Jupyter NotebooksExperience with SQL, Flask/Django and Pandas a major plusFamiliarity with HTML, CSS, and working with JSON dataFamiliarity with statistical and other mathematical concepts (regression analysis, linear algebra concepts)Experience working in classroom environmentsExcellent time managementStrong communications, and people skillsExperience teaching, mentoring, or tutoring is a plusThe compensation for this part time, contract role is a flat monthly rate of$1,500/month for an expected ~20 hour work week. To apply, please email your resume and cover letter.It is the policy of The Knowledge House, Inc. to promote and provide equal employment opportunity without discrimination based on age, race, creed, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, Veteran status, genetic predisposition, or carrier status.Job Types: Part-time, ContractPay: $1,500.00 per monthBenefits:Flexible scheduleSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:All programs and services are delivered remotely until further notice. During this time, TKH follows CDC regulations to minimize the risk and exposure to COVID-19.Experience:Teaching: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
ABOUT VAROVaro is an entirely new kind of bank. All digital, mission driven, FDIC insured, and designed for the way our customers live their lives.We're on a mission to bring financial inclusion and opportunity to all hard-working Americans. Through our mobile app, we offer premium bank accounts that have no minimum balance requirement or monthly account fees, high-interest savings accounts, short term lending and solutions to help customers stretch their paycheck, build credit and start saving. Our tech-first products are designed to make money work for everyone and help customers and communities build greater financial resiliency.Varo is distinct from other fintechs: we've made history as the first and only consumer fintech to be granted a full national bank charter by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC).Varo Bank represents the evolution of a new generation of banks that are born from innovation and built on technology to empower consumers and businesses.Our team combines the best of both consumer tech and banking, and we’re wildly passionate about helping our customers. Our teams are based in San Francisco and Salt Lake City. Privately held, we’ve raised over $482M to date, from leading institutional investors and strategic partners including Warburg Pincus, The Rise Fund, Gallatin Point Capital, Harbourvest Partners, Progressive Insurance, and Russell Westbrook Enterprises.Varo is entrepreneurial, collaborative, enthusiastic, customer-oriented, fast-paced, and multicultural. This is an open and relatively flat organization that puts an emphasis on collaboration, sharing ideas and information. For a relatively early stage company, Varo is grounded in a strong set of values and takes pride in the diversity of its employees and board.Varo. A bank for all of us.*About the Business Analyst role*Varo Bank is building products that will fundamentally change the way consumers use mobile banking products and revolutionize the banking system as we know it.Varo Bank is looking for a Business Analyst to help identify and monitor the important metrics that help the Retail Bank deliver on a Bank for all of Us sustainably.A Varo analyst is expected to have a passion for our customers, learning about how they use our products and solving complex problems. You will collaborate across a number of teams internally - to include product, data engineering, data science, finance, operations to ensure Varo’s Retail Bank is helping deliver on our customer and financial goals.What you'll be doingWork with Retail Bank teammates to develop a keen understanding of important measures to understand customer behavior and usage of Varo products, including spending, saving and transactionsBuild and maintain dashboards to monitor the Retail Bank business and highlight movement on important measures that reflect the health of the businessHelp explain why measures may have changed from month to month that can help prioritize actions and projects within Retail BankInfluence key stakeholders and executives by presenting your analysesProblem-solve with Data Science, Product, and Operations to drive decision making using your analyses as a foundationRequired skills, experiences, and traitsBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Economics, Math, Statistics, Engineering, Business Administration, or other quantitative related fields that are data-drivenHave built beautiful and effective dashboards that identify the important metrics for school, internships, or current jobExcited about a fast-paced environment and comfortable with changing requirementsStrong problem-solving skills and the ability to autonomously identify and propose solutions to those problemsExperience pulling data from operational databases, clean and synthesize the dataExperience working with various statistical techniques (e.g., analyzing AB test outputs, accounting for standard deviations in metrics)Experience presenting findings in a slide presentation format (e.g., PowerPoint, Google Slides)Experience influencing teammates and executives by communicating key takeaways from analytical workPrior experience in banking or financial services is a plus*The four skills that matter most*Initiative to do what needs to be done to best meet our business objectivesNatural curiosity to understand why things are the way they are and explore and explain via data analysis (e.g., SQL, Python, R)Drive to proactively conduct analyses and uncover new or unexpected insightsAbility to rigorously convey metrics visually in a way that is easy to understand and intuitiveCULTURAL ALIGNMENTVaro is entrepreneurial, collaborative, enthusiastic, customer-oriented, fast-paced, and multicultural. This is an open and relatively flat organization that puts an emphasis on collaboration, sharing ideas and information. For a relatively early stage company, Varo is grounded in a strong set of values and takes pride in the diversity of its employees.*OUR CORE VALUES*Customers First:  Understand the problems our customers are trying to solve. Respond with a sense of urgency. Build relationships that result in loyalty. Be data and insights-driven. Test everything. Achieve results through strong execution. Build a product people love. Assess new initiatives with the customers’ interest in mind. Act with empathy.*Take Ownership: * Bias towards action. Have high standards. Be accountable for the results of your work, our product, our company. Trust others to own it.*Respect: * Treat others how you want to be treated. Listen first before being heard. Speak the truth even when it's not easy. Assume best intentions. Bring your full self to work.*Stay Curious: * Ask why. Dare to make things better. Learn something new each day (even from mistakes). Be open to growth. Develop creative solutions.*Make it Better: * Think big. Set high goals. Work towards long term value rather than short term wins. Create change. Be resilient.Varo is an equal opportunity employer. Varo embraces diversity and we are committed to building teams that represent a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.Job Type: Full-time
UES, Inc. has an opportunity for an associate-level Data Engineer (and practitioner) to be a critical player in the cutting edge of aerospace technology developments. The Air Force in conjunction with UES has developed a highly flexible, NoSQL/neutral-format, multi-model contextualized data intelligence architecture applicable to all data domains and all data types enabling accelerated understanding, improvements and innovation across materials, processes, and products. The associate data engineer will be the primary resource to support new and continuing users to properly format, contextualize, organize, model, and analyze data [may include designs (CAD files), materials, fabrication inspection, testing, etc.]. This individual will add new system capabilities and tools utilizing an Object-Oriented software design philosophy (Python programming). They will introduce potential users to the data infrastructure, key features, and demonstrate benefits of applying this approach to data exploitation vs. the state of the practice. To be successful the associate data engineer will need to have competency in 3 primary areas: Python Programming; Mechanical/Aerospace Engineering; and Strong communication skills. The Associate Data Engineer will be trained by our current team members to implement the system, to establish and maintain a robust data flow; ensure that the data is properly formatted with rich meta-data; perform data cleansing; and ensure optimized data effectiveness so that the data intelligence can support current and future decisions and research directions by applying artificial intelligence/machine learning to the data.  Requirements: BS in Mechanical Engineering or related field of study preferred, practical experience will be paramount Experience with Computer-Aided Design (CAD) or Computer-Aided Engineering (CAE) files and applications Strong Experience programming in Python Demonstrable skills in problem solving and technology risk analysis Strong skills in oral and written communication This position is working within a government facility and requires U.S. Citizenship  Preferences: Experience implementing or integrating Software Experience working with software developers and teams Experience in data science, to include data acquisition, cleansing, aggregation, analysis, and ontology  Additional Information UES, Inc. is an innovative science and technology company providing customers with superior research and development expertise since its inception in 1973. Our long-term success is a direct result of a strong commitment to the success of our employees. We look forward to reviewing your application. UES, Inc. is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
Primary Location: 6305 Peachtree Dunwoody Rd, Atlanta, GA, USA Division: Cox Communications Job Level: Individual Contributor Travel: No Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Requisition Number: 215552 Cox Communications is looking for a recent graduate Analytics Engineer to join the Analytics Center of Excellence team. This role will be responsible for developing actionable insights and building advanced analytics solutions for Cox Communications lines of businesses. The Analytics Engineer is required to have strong development, systems, and problem-solving skills to enable data-driven decision making. This position also requires the ability to work both independently and on a diverse team on all analytical projects, from data preparation and cleaning to formulating solutions, implementation, visualization and presentation of findings to stakeholders. Responsibilities: Identify, research, interpret, catalog, source, manipulate, and enrich Cox Communications structured and unstructured data assets to facilitate effective analytics. Use foundational data science methodologies to identify relationships/drivers of key metrics to improve customer experience, network performance, proactive labor routing, quality of service or operating cost. Build and maintain processes and functionalities for analytics solution needs. Prepare documentation and visualizations. Test new technologies, tools, and data. Keep up-to-date on new technologies, standards and practices. Qualifications: Minimum: Familiarity with SQL and Python, or functionally similar programming languages. Familiarity with database technology such as Oracle, Hadoop/EMR, etc. Experience in cloud based data environments is preferred Familiarity with Tableau, or functionally similar visualization tools. Understanding of the mathematical and computational concepts behind advanced analytics algorithms and/or statistical analysis Strong communication skills. Ability to successfully comprehend and communicate business insights. Ability to work in a diverse team Preferred: Graduate degree in Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Analytics, Engineering or closely related field. 1-2 years prior experience in one of the above mentioned fields Who We Are About Cox Communications Cox Communications is committed to creating meaningful moments of human connection through broadband applications and services. The largest private telecom company in America, we proudly serve six million homes and businesses across 18 states. Were dedicated to empowering others to build a better future and celebrate diverse products, people, suppliers, communities and the characteristics that makes each one unique. About Cox We are the Cox family of businesses. Weve been making our mark since 1898 by building and evolving world-class businesses, staying true to our values, and encouraging top talent to always look for growth and impact while building a career with us. Our primary divisions - Cox Communications and Cox Automotive - are driving a new wave of innovation, powering smart cities with powerhouse broadband communications and pioneering greener, more progressive transportation alternatives for individuals and fleet operators. Were also expanding into new spaces like cleantech and healthcare to rev up our momentum toward building a better future for the next generation. Were looking for the talent today who will be our leaders tomorrow. Sound intriguing? Learn more about where we are today, where we hope youll be going with us, and the common purpose that unites us at coxenterprises.com. Benefits of working at Cox may include health care insurance (medical, dental, vision), retirement planning (401(k)), and paid days off (sick leave, parental leave, flexible vacation/wellness days, and/or PTO). For more details on what benefits you may be offered, visit our benefits page. Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individuals age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law. Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.
Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: Product Analytics and Data Science, Shopping, Honey PayPal is already a trusted payment partner for millions of Consumers and Merchants around the globe, but we also have a unique opportunity to help them throughout the online shopping journey. Honey and the Shopping team are passionate about saving Consumers money when they shop online. The acquisition of Honey is only the beginning of our journey to create rich, innovative experiences that people can’t imagine shopping without. For that, we are seeking exceptional world-class problem solvers with a passion for data insights and relentless focus on execution. Job Description: About You: You are curious and inquisitive: love digging into data and uncovering insights You are hyper-analytical and intellectually honest, truly believing in data-driven decisions and communicating your ideas through storytelling You are familiar with analytics and data science techniques to improve product experiences You are a highly motivated, result-oriented self-starter, enjoy working in a fast-pace environment, and can deliver successful results with minimal guidance You are a passionate, analytical team player Role – As a Data Scientist for Honey Product Analytics, you will: Lead the analytics function on Honey features that provide unique savings opportunities to consumers when they shop online Become a domain expert in your product areas and conduct impactful data analysis to improve customer experiences and inform product development Work cross-functionally with product, engineering, and analytics support teams to build world-class products and design hypothesis-driven experiments; make clear, coherent and holistic recommendations based on test results Improve product experiences for Honey customers using data science and analysis techniques Leverage the Objective & Key Results (OKR) framework to identify product metrics and monitor product performance through dashboards and ad hoc analysis Present findings and recommendations to senior-level/non-technical stakeholders Partner and collaborate with fellow team members to continually learn, share, and apply analytics, automation, and data science best practices Requirements: Data driven mindset with degree in a quantitative discipline such as Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, or Economics 3+ years of relevant work experience in analyzing large, multi-dimensional data sets and synthesizing data insights into actionable recommendations Fluent in SQL and Excel; experience with a statistical programming language (e.g., Python, R); experience with Google BigQuery and DBT preferred Experience with visualization tools such as Periscope or Tableau, and web analytics tools (e.g., Adobe Omniture, Google Analytics, Amplitude) preferred Exceptional written and verbal communication skills to influence cross-functional teams Experience/knowledge of employing statistical, data mining and machine learning algorithms (e.g., regression, clustering, isolation forest) on real world problems is a plus We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
CPS Recruitment is seeking Mathematical and GIS Analysts for Contract to Hire opportunities in Westborough, MA. Once brought on direct company offers excellent benefits and room for career growth. Responsibilities: Calculate load capacity and ensure code compliance for utility-based applications Apply field data to create GIS designs and sketches Read and interpret large data sets, identifying anomalies, and perform root-cause analysis Maintain internal tracking management systems and databases Requirements: A minimum of an Associate’s degree, Bachelors preferred Highly organized and detail oriented Strong mathematical calculation skills or GIS knowledge from college coursework Possess the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously Highly proficient computer skills Strong data analytics and relational databases using saved searches and pivotal reporting preferred Technical experience or background preferred For immediate consideration, please send your resume to ITjobs@cpsrecruiter.com #pro123
The Challenge: Are you passionate about helping organizations successfully implement change and advance their operations? Whether it’s process improvement, performance measurement, or business management analysis, it comes down to one thing: learning how an organization works and making it better. Although many companies know where they want to go, getting there can be a challenge. Thankfully, that’s what you do: improve the systems that move entire organizations forward. It’s why we’re looking for someone like you—an organizational transformation and change consultant who can identify long term goals and create the processes needed to achieve them. As an organizational transformation and change consultant, you’ll use your expertise to assess how alterations will impact business processes and design to develop communications and engagement strategies, implement process improvement activities, create service operating models, and advise clients on managing change effectively across the organization. From unrealized potential to systemic challenges, you’ll provide your client with a holistic view of their organization to transform their practices for the better. Work with us as we lead change in the federal government. Join us. The world can’t wait. You Have: Experience with conducting organizational assessments Experience with developing communications and engagement strategies Experience in managing and coordinating stakeholder groups with diverse needs Experience with leading cross-functional teams Experience with communicating technical or complex topics to non-technical audiences and senior executives Ability to dissect business processes, identify areas for improvement, and develop recommendations to address Knowledge of analytics, data science, and artificial intelligence concepts Knowledge of Agile project management BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: Experience designing and developing strategies to address the data needs including data management, governance, analytics, technical workforce of an organization or customer Experience conducting user research Experience applying human-centered design methodology Experience managing Agile teams Knowledge of organizational development Agile certification Change management certification Build Your Career: Consulting at Booz Allen means empowering you to provide your customers with the best support. With a consulting career at Booz Allen, you’ll have access to: a large business consulting community experts in virtually every field a culture that focuses on supporting our employees We have opportunities that provide stability while offering variety, so you can find the right fit for your career — and your life. You’ll also have access to a wealth of training resources through our Consulting University, an online learning portal where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical, certifications, and books. Build your skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site courses, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. With contracts across the globe in multiple industries, no matter where you want to go with your consulting career, we have the path the takes you there. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
Data Analyst Atlanta, GA About Ware2Go Ware2Go is a UPS company making warehousing, fulfillment, and 1-2 day delivery easy and affordable for businesses of all sizes. We simplify the end-to-end supply chain for merchants with a fully connective technology platform, a nationwide network of warehouses, and a flexible business model that eliminates contract terms and upfront investments. We connect merchants with warehouse partners across the country so they can get closer to their customers and offer the faster shipping speeds that customers love. Ware2Go has grown 700% in the last year and we plan to grow faster in the year to come. This is a great opportunity for a strong Data Analyst to step into a high impact role and grow a business that is changing an industry. Position Summary: We are looking for an energetic and results driven team member to help analyze, grow, and manage our data and insights capabilities for our internal and external customers. The role will involve defining new data that the business should be collecting, devising processes to extract this data, and analyzing the data to gain actionable business insights for analytics and reporting. The data analyst must constantly stay on top of new business and technological trends in order to provide forward thinking solutions to the business. The new team member will be asked to collaborate with other members across the W2G organization including product and sales and marketing to assist with analytics and reporting and drive development of new features and capabilities. Responsibilities: Design, implement, and evaluate statistical models and approaches in order to solve business’s complex issues. Extract, cleanse, and analyze large datasets quickly and effectively Prepare reports and presentations to provide actionable recommendations for business partners Work closely with analysts, engineers, product managers, and other teams across the business to solve complex business issues together Take initiative to experiment with various technologies and tools, always ready to adopt new data science approaches that provide the best outcome for the business. Required Qualifications: Analytical mindset with strong skills in data mining, analysis, and reporting Passion to do whatever it takes to solve complex problems and build scalable processes Be entrepreneurial, curious, creative, and have a track record for thinking innovatively Comfort working in a fast-paced, constantly changing, ambiguous environment Experience working in probability and statistics, time-series analysis, statistical significance, correlation, etc. Experience with SQL and data visualization tools like Tableau, Power BI, Domo, etc. Have excellent verbal and written communication skills in English Preferred Qualifications: 1-3 years of experience in BI/BA environment Additional experience working at a high growth startup / tech company Familiarity with supply chain and logistics processes (e.g. warehouse management, transportation management, eCommerce logistics) Knowledge of R, Python, or statistical tool like SPSS Exposure to any/all of predictive statistical models, segmentation analysis, customer profiling, association, or machine learning. EEO Statement Integrated into our shared values is Ware2Go’s commitment to diversity. Ware2Go is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. This concept encompasses but is not limited to human differences with regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, culture and physical ability. Every individual at Ware2Go has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment. Statement to Third Party Agencies To all recruitment agencies: Ware2Go only accepts resumes from agencies on the Ware2Go or UPS preferred supplier list. Ware2Go is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.
Summary Posted: Jul 28, 2021 Role Number:200219795 Do you want to help lead the security design for the latest groundbreaking technologies in search, natural language processing, machine learning and artificial intelligence? Do you want to help guide the security landscape of a global hybrid cloud environment? Yes? Then you should come join the Security Engineering team in AIML (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) SKP (Siri Search, Knowledge and Platform) Production Engineering. Key Qualifications Strong public cloud experience (AWS/GCP preferred) Sophisticated knowledge of Linux and containerization Understanding of Kubernetes operations and security Superb interpersonal skills, project prioritization and ability to discern signal from noise Ability to explain complex security problems at all levels of an organization Conversant in at least one programming language such as Python, Go or Swift Description As a member of the AIML (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) SKP (Siri Search, Knowledge and Platform) Security Engineering team you will collaborate across the organization to ensure our global hybrid cloud infrastructure is unassailable. You’ll work across the Apple ecosystem to proactively identify vulnerabilities and play a key role in remediating any security related issues. As Security Engineering Lead you will be involved in secure design conversations across product teams as well as ensuring the product and infrastructure are protected from threats. You will be establishing and enhancing security methodologies, training staff, and guiding processes that result in scalable and protected services for millions of Apple customers! The Security Engineering team is focused on ensuring that all our products and environments live up to the high standard of security that is expected from a world-leading, globe-spanning product. Are you a senior engineer looking to pivot into a security role? Are you a seasoned security professional looking to get back to more engineering? You've read this far, so send us your resume and let's chat! Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace. Education & Experience Bachelors or equivalent experience. Additional Requirements Desired experience: Performing penetration tests and producing reports on findings Network communications protocols and architecture Designing complex systems with security in mind Evaluating and implementing security analysis tools ISO 27k or NIST CSF Certificates Optional
Futures Sport + Entertainment (FS+E), is a global sports data, technology and analytics consulting company.  Founded in 2002, Futures brings unique, proprietary software and insights to the global sports and entertainment industries. We're a commercially-minded consultancy that thrives on providing many of the world's most famous rights holders, teams, and sponsors with data-driven strategies to support their top business objectives.  We work on projects covering some of the world's most prominent and powerful players in sports and entertainment, and our projects have stretched to all corners of the globe, ranging from college basketball to eSports to the NFL.  We aim to continuously find better ways of measuring the commercial aspects of sports business. Delivering unique insight to our clients. Futures is technology and data-driven, having developed unique measurement tools and techniques to provide clients with robust analyses. Our culture is one of continuous improvement. We are constantly looking for ways to improve the quality of data in sport and extend the analysis that we deliver to clients. We deliver extraordinary client servicing and provide unrivalled commercial insights by listening carefully to our clients' needs.  Junior Analyst  Do you want to work with leaders of U.S.-based projects on media and sponsorship analytics? Do you want to work hand-in-hand with Futures' top-tier analysts on these projects that assist professional teams, league offices, and Fortune 500 brands? As they seek to optimize sponsorships, better understand cross-platform media consumption and global growth? If that sounds interesting to you, read on!  This role pivotal to our team, requiring you to demonstrate your analytical skills, creativity in problem-solving and ability to work effectively as part of a team. We're ready to take on the world of sports insights, are you coming with us?  Key Responsibilities  Lead, analyze and interpret complex datasets Interpret data to deliver bespoke commercial insight to our clients Structure and deliver analysis Chip in to writing and preparing client reports and presentations Immerse yourself in the world of sport, data and business to contribute to the team and our clients From day one, you will gain exposure to senior members of the team and high profile clients to deliver solutions and help in the development of our research software and tools  Who We Are Looking For  1-2 years of meaningful work experience or recent graduate with a professional or equivalent degree in a relevant field of study (such as computer science, natural sciences, engineering, mathematics or economics) An analytical and strategic thinker who has a business mind and a real passion for sports and entertainment A self-starter who has meticulous attention to detail and an ability to work to challenging deadlines Knowledge of sports and/or media business landscape desirable Experience handling multiple projects simultaneously, while working as both part of a team and independently Comfortable taking initiative and leading individual work streams independently, with minimal direction Excellent quantitative skills, including advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills Experience with coding and data science software desirable e.g. SQL, VBA, R, SPSS, Python  FS&E is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status, or any other basis as prohibited by law. We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodation@ipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.
Position Type : Full time Type Of Hire : Experienced (relevant combo of work and education) Education Desired : Bachelor of Computer Science Travel Percentage : 0% Job Description Are you curious, motivated, and forward-thinking? At FIS you’ll have the opportunity to work on some of the most challenging and relevant issues in financial services and technology. Our talented people empower us, and we believe in being part of a team that is open, collaborative, entrepreneurial, passionate and above all fun. GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Employ machine learning and statistical modeling to create and enhance data driven products Analyze and extract insights from internal and external data Work with Big Data and transform complex datasets into more usable formats Work with a variety of data science tools and programming languages such as SAS, Python, R, Scala, SQL Work independently and collaborate with other groups to solve complex problems Create and present analyses to internal and external partners and clients Document models and write code to track and monitor models and product performance Understand the realities of model development and make pragmatic and business-aware choices when trading-off sophistication and accuracy versus implementation and performance costs What you bring: Masters or PhD in Statistics, Decision Sciences, Applied Mathematics, Economics or Computer Science or the equivalent combination of education, training, and work experience. Knowledge in machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistical modeling, data visualization, and data analysis Proficient in data science tools and programming languages such as SAS, Python, R, Scala, SQL Ability to collaborate with others and solve complex problem Proficiency in solutions design and requirements Excellent analytical, decision-making, problem-solving, team, and time management skills Positive outlook, strong work ethic, and responsive to internal and external clients and contacts Ability to work as part of a team or alone making a strong contribution in either scenario Exceptional statistical, mathematical and analytical skills Superior interpersonal, communication and presentation skills Delivery-oriented team player who takes responsibility for the team’s success and strives to continually learn and improve Added bonus if you have: Experience or knowledge of cloud-based technology Knowledge of financial services industry Outstanding verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels in the organization, e.g., executive, management, individual contributors Ability to persuade and influence others on the best approach Ability to interface with all levels of employees and effectively interact with various functional areas and facilities Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with employees, management, and clients What we offer you: A multifaceted job with a high degree of responsibility and a broad spectrum of opportunities The chance to work on some of the most challenging, relevant issues in financial services & technology A work environment built on collaboration, flexibility and respect . Privacy Statement FIS is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients. For specific information on how FIS protects personal information online, please see the Online Privacy Notice. EEOC Statement FIS is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here supplement document available here For positions located in the US, the following conditions apply. If you are made a conditional offer of employment, you will be required to undergo a drug test. ADA Disclaimer: In developing this job description care was taken to include all competencies needed to successfully perform in this position. However, for Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for purposes of ADA reasonable accommodation. All reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by-case basis. Sourcing Model Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company. #pridepass
The people of Aramark proudly serve millions of guests every day through food, facilities, and uniform services in 19 countries around the world. Rooted in service and united by our purpose, we strive to do great things for each other, our partners, our communities, and our planet. We believe a career should develop your talents, fuel your passions, and empower your professional growth. So, no matter what you're pursuing - a new challenge, a sense of belonging, or just a great place to work - our focus is helping you reach your full potential. Learn more about working here at http://careers.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.  Description  The Data Science division is the epicenter of business intelligence, uncovering impactful insights that put Aramark clients in the sports and entertainment industry ahead of the curve. Using leading-edge technology and analytics, Data Science synthesizes operational and consumer data to optimize strategies that enhance the guest hospitality experience and blaze a trail for innovation. Through continuous expansion of analytical capabilities and a comprehensive method of understanding the industry at large, Data Science harnesses the power of data as the most strategic asset in maximizing value for consumers, operators, and businesses alike.  Essential Functions:  Analyze business performance data from a multitude of sources including labor tracking, Point of Sale, and inventory management systems to identify opportunities to improve operations and recommend data-driven action plans at Capital One Arena. Partner with Monumental Sports & Entertainment Strategy & Research group to leverage consumer analytics to identify patterns within customer behavior. Summarize findings and recommend actions. Lead the creation of analytical tools to support operations as well as the development of key performance reporting to multiple stakeholders including the Aramark operations team and Monumental Sports & Entertainment. Identify opportunities to create and meet consumer demand. Collaborate with the business to pilot new concepts that enhance the food and beverage experience at Capital One Arena. Independently own programs that measure customer satisfaction, loyalty, and execution of the food, beverage, and guest hospitality experience at Capital One Arena. Identify opportunities to enhance these programs and drive satisfaction by leveraging both traditional methods and new technologies. Generate ad-hoc analysis to measure the outcome of short-term strategies. Partner with cross-functional teams to define insights and analytics to measure success. Innovate ways to streamline the collection and synthesis of information by improving business processes and organization. Recommend new technologies that maximize efficiency in these areas. Collaborate with Monumental Sports & Entertainment Strategy & Research team to leverage key data insights to drive innovative technological solutions at Capital One Arena.  Qualifications  Bachelor's degree required in Mathematics, Statistics, Accounting or Finance or another analytical discipline. Minimum of 1-3 years of experience in an analytical function preferred. Superior analytical ability and spreadsheet modeling skills are required. Strong organizational, project management, and time management skills. Must be able to problem solve and adjust priorities with little advance notice to meet deadlines and requests. Strong written and verbal communication skills required to effectively communicate findings, analysis, implications, and recommendations to various internal and external stakeholder audiences. Extensive experience with the Microsoft Office package, specifically a high level of proficiency with Excel and PowerPoint. Ability to program in SQL or related language a plus. Experience in using BI Tools (Ex. Qlikview, Qlik Sense, Tableau) a plus.
About the Role Power Digital, one of San Diego’s top Digital Marketing Agencies is growing our innovative technology team! We are located in Old Town, San Diego and are looking for an experienced data scientist who is an expert in predictive ML modeling and development.   In 2020 Power Digital launched nova, our proprietary platform for digital marketing auditing, forecasting, strategy planning, and reporting. The nova platform integrates data from hundreds of clients and dozens of data sources. Using this data, it can analyze and make recommendations for over 50 marketing strategies in 13 marketing channels to provide insights and tools for our employees & customers.   Current data initiatives include forecast modeling and recommendation engine in the nova software platform. You will be responsible for developing underlying models and algorithms supporting these initiatives, coordinating these features into production, measuring results, and iterating to increase accuracy and value over time.   The ideal candidate will have a passion for learning, data, scale, and agility. You will leverage your strong collaboration skills and ability to extract valuable insights from complex data sets to execute against and contribute to our product roadmap.   As a part of our technology team, this role will contribute to our nova software by performing requirements engineering and deploying new features. This includes participating in agile development processes like sprint planning, standups, reviews, retrospectives, sprint boards, backlogs, and ticket management. This Data Scientist will work with team members to continue to grow the department capabilities and support our clients.  Responsibilities Identify and build machine learning models appropriate to product needs Validate and optimize models in real-time Collaborate with engineering team to bring models to production software features Measure and improve models and data accuracy over time Partner with product, engineering, and users to identify and prioritize new features and algorithms based on usage and feedback Analyze and improve data storage & strategy including quality, sources, maintenance, and structure to meet product needs Build expert knowledge in marketing industry data sources Provide mentorship and guidance to data analysts Qualifications Experience of building and maintaining machine learning systems (configuration, data collection, data verification, feature extraction, resource and process management, analytics, training, serving, validation, experimentation, monitoring) Understanding of ML techniques and algorithms (supervised vs. unsupervised learning, regression, recommendation, etc) Strong knowledge of model building & validation procedures Experience with R, Python or other programing languages Experience with SQL Strong data skills and the ability to work with large structured and uengnstructured data sources Good analytical and critical thinking Good written and verbal communication skills Undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas Strong understanding of statistics Knowledge of AWS or other cloud-based infrastructure   We are passionate about digital marketing and web solutions and are looking for some great technical talent to join our team! We would love to talk to you if you think you could help our team.   For direct submission, email VP Product & Engineering, Chris Fitkin at c.fitkin@powerdigitalmarketinginc.com.
To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts. Job Category Products and Technology Job Details We're hiring across teams, which include: Analytics, Commerce, Einstein, IoT, Mulesoft, Search Relevance, Security, Service, Service Protection team, Marketing Cloud   In school, or graduated within the last 12 months? Please visit FutureForce for opportunities   Salesforce is looking for an exceptional engineer ideally with a dual background in machine learning and software engineering to help us take on one of the world’s most extensive data sets and transform it into amazing products that feel like magic. You will work on cutting-edge AI applications and products. Brainstorming data product ideas with data scientists and engineers to build data products used by hundreds of millions people every day. LOCATION: We are open to Fully Remote, Flex (1-3 days/week in the office), or Office-Based (4-5 days/week in office) work arrangements.  As a Data Science Engineer, you will be tasked with analyzing large data sets and building expert systems that improve our understanding of consumer behavior and use that knowledge to improve the services we offer. This includes performing complex statistical analysis on non-routine problems and working with engineers to operationalize models at scale into production systems and optimize algorithms in disturbed settings. You will work in an agile environment and interface with product managers, fellow engineers, and teams across Salesforce.   In your role as a Data Science Engineer, you will partner with various teams to develop customer-level recommendations and automated solutions, integrating into existing Salesforce technologies and building new ones. You'll also work with others on the team to harness the power of Salesforce’s data with machine learning, to deliver machine learning / artificial intelligence solutions at scale   Equality is a core value at Salesforce. We strive to build a workplace that reflects society and where everyone feels seen, valued, heard and empowered to create the best work of their careers. Learn more about our commitment to Equality   Responsibilities Understand business problems and use mathematical frameworks to deliver machine learning models that can be used to solve those problems Clean, analyze, data-mine, and visualize a variety of consumer data to identify opportunities, insights, and anomalies Set up large and complex data pipelines on public cloud infrastructures such as AWS, Microsoft Azure, and GCP Operationalize complex machine learning problems to a massive scale Effectively communicate complex findings in a concise, structured, and clear manner to a non-technical audience Navigate ambiguity, solve complex challenges, and operate in a fast-paced team environment  Preferred Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, mathematics, or another quantitative discipline or equivalent work experience Experience setting up, building, and maintaining production data pipelines Experience starting large analytical projects, and collaborating with teams across geographies and functions Experience solving business problems and using mathematical techniques using available data Experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods Experience in data processing and working with distributed programming Experience with object-oriented programming languages and test-driven development Experience with query languages and mining data For Colorado-based roles: Minimum annual salary of $82,400. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. More details about our company benefits can be found at the following link: https://www.getsalesforcebenefits.com/ . You can find other info there as well- including wellbeing reimbursement, generous parental leave, adoption assistance, fertility benefits, and more. Visit for the full breakdown! Accommodations If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form. Posting Statement At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org . Salesforce welcomes all. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Title: :Python Developer/Data Engineer (Must have a TS/SCI w/ Poly or be able to get a Poly) Status: Mid-Senior Salary: To Be Discussed With Bryant Staffing Solutions Recruiter Location: Chantilly, VA Travel: Occasionally Sponsorships: None Supported; Must be a US Citizen Clearance Requirements: A TS/SCI security clearance with the ability to obtain a Polygraph is required at time of hire. Candidates must be able to obtain the Polygraph within a reasonable amount of time from date of hire   Job Description:   A Python Developer will help us expand our insider threat capabilities in automating data integration and collection strategies. The successful candidate will help expand and optimize the data ingestion pipeline architecture, develop strategies for efficient ingestion, processing, storage, structuring, and access. In addition the Python Developer will support data analysts, data scientists, and big data engineers in identifying data sources, performing exploratory data analysis, developing data models, ensuring data cleanliness and accuracy to provide new Insider Threat behavioral insights.  This position provides an opportunity to further advance the cutting-edge technology that supports some of our nation's core defense/intelligence services and systems. Our employees work closely with esteemed customers to develop solutions that allow them to carry out high-stakes national security missions.  Job Responsibilities:  We are seeking a Data Engineer to work with various security system data owners to automate data integration and collection strategies. Work closely with the data science team to ensure data cleanliness and accuracy. Support data science team by designing, developing and implementing scalable ETL process for disparate datasets into a Hadoop infrastructure Design, develop, implement and maintain data ingestion process from various disparate datasets using StreamSets (experience with StreamSets not mandatory) Develop processes to identify data drift and malformed records Develop technical documentation and standard operating procedures Improve responsiveness and overall performance of the data ingestion pipeline architecture Assess, prioritize, and size features Contribute to a cross functional agile team   Required Skills and Knowledge: Working knowledge of entity resolution systems Experience with messages systems like Kafka Experience with NoSQL and/or graph databases like MongoDB or ArangoDB Any of the following databases: SQL, MongoDB, Oracle, Postgres Working experience with ETL processing Working experience with data workflow products like StreamSets or NiFi Working experience with Python RESTful API services, JDBC Experience with Hadoop and Hive/Impala Experience with Cloudera Data Science Workbench is a plus Understanding of pySpark Leadership experience Creative thinker Ability to multi-task Excellent use and understanding of data engineering concepts, principles, and theories   Security Clearance Required: Yes Visa Candidate Considered: No
Data Scientist, Real World Data  Building a best-in-class platform focused on developing and advancing new medicines. As part of a wider data team you will be working with top class data scientists and engineers. You will develop solutions covering the gambit of diverse data including medical records, clinical trail data, imaging etc. developed from our own labs. We're excited to have you join our journey. As a venture back start up and having just received our series B we're on a mission to unite human and machine intelligence and change the way the drug development industry works.  Day to Day: Work as part of (and lead) teams of world-class data scientists and engineers developing and deploying robust, generalizable solutions to core scientific problems Be comfortable with scientific risk - many of the challenges we’re trying to address don’t have known solutions. Use your technical knowledge and intuition to articulate and break down large problems into solvable pieces. Time is limited, you’ll need to prioritize which problems are critical-path today from those that can wait. Collaborate with clinical and pre-clinical groups to help ensure the relevance and impact of the models developed by you and your team Be a dynamic and active team member, championing and adopting shared coding standards, participating in code review, and providing regular updates of your work and input into the work of your colleagues  Requirements: MS or PhD in a medically-related field (medicine, public health, health economics, biostatistics) with a quantitative focus or in in a quantitative field (computer science, statistics) with experience working on observational medical data Practical experience cleaning, filtering, harmonizing real world patient data is a plus Experience across multiple programming languages such as Python, R, SQL, Julia. Experience with popular analytical tools such as Pandas, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Jupyter, or spark.ml Extensive experience with causal statistical analysis and machine learning pertaining to observational studies, including potential outcome models, counterfactual regression, covariate adjustment, instrumental variables, traditional epidemiological tools, etc. Experience with modern machine learning techniques pertaining to patient representation learning is a plus Familiarity with or exposure to traditional drug discovery and development processes and approaches is a plus A user-oriented, product mindset and familiarity with agile development practices a plus Experience working with large scale databases of observational patient data Knowledge of computer science concepts pertaining to algorithmic complexity and distributed/parallel computing is a plus
Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success. Novetta is committed to cultivating a diverse, inclusive workplace culture, embracing our differences and perspectives to build a stronger, more successful company. Job Description:  Novetta is seeking a Data Scientist who wants to develop innovative solutions for customers and internal product teams. We look to rapidly prototype solutions and deploy the most promising of them. We identify and leverage the latest techniques (fast.ai is a team favorite) so that our customers can stay one step ahead. On every project you'll learn something new (and likely teach us something as well). If that sounds appealing to you - we'd love to chat.  Responsibilities include:  Develop solutions spanning multiple subject areas, from NLP to Image and Video. Maintain awareness of state-of-the-art machine learning and techniques, methods and platforms, including commercial and open source. Implement, configure and test machine learning and deep learning libraries and platforms (e.g. fast.ai, TensorFlow, Keras, XGBoost, LightGBM). Test solutions on AWS using services such as SageMaker, EC2, and Snowball Edge. Write blog posts and presentations that clearly communicate complex machine learning concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences. Contribute to visually-appealing, web-enabled prototype applications that illustrate relevant machine learning capabilities.  Basic Qualifications:  Experience with Python Experience with machine learning or statistics Ability to work both independently and collaboratively. High levels of curiosity, creativity, and problem-solving capabilities. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Comfortable navigating the command line.  Desired Skills:  Research experience in Machine Learning specific to Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, or deep learning. Experience with managing data and creating algorithms using AWS. Experience with R, Java, or other programming languages.  Security Clearance:  Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI with Poly clearance  Novetta, from complexity to clarity.  Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,300 employees across the U.S.  Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:  Integrity â€¢ We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.  Customer Success â€¢ We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.  Employee Focus â€¢ We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality, and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.  Innovation â€¢ We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.  Excellence in Execution â€¢ We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.  Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.  For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.  Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Director of Data Science  Office Location| Boston, MA, US  We are seeking a Director of Data Science that can lead our Analytics services through a digital transformation. This exciting lead position involves transforming multiple offerings delivered through a combination of semi-automated and manual data processing and analyses to an automated set of Data Science processing and modeling tools. You will lead the automation of our data processing, analyses, and machine learning modeling, so as the creation of novel Data Science and Machine Learning tools for our clients and products.   This role has an important cross-functional component and requires you to work in close collaboration with client services, engineering, product/UX, marketing, sales, and other departments.  Role Responsibilities Be an enthusiastic hands-on data scientist, who is able to lead data processing, modeling, drawing conclusions, and telling the story of the data in a compelling way Lead our Analytics automation team Lead developing cutting edge Data Science and Machine Learning models Mentor and guide team members through hurdles and remove blockers Be a subject matter expert who can train others and open new analytics avenues Be a proactive learner that keeps up to date with the newest Data Science techniques Understand and lead the full Data Science model development lifecycle from ideation, through feasibility study, to POC model development and creating a route to productization Create model comparison benchmarking system and model selection processes Define criteria, processes and acceptance criteria for model productization Be responsible for developing and maintaining data quality pipelines Liaising with our Client Services team to ensure feedback collection and understanding client needs Collaborate with our Product and Engineering teams on automation and productization of Data Science models Educate the company on our Data Science and Machine Learning models Be a subject matter expert on Data Science and Machine Learning modeling with deep Statistical understanding Be a proactive contributor to our Data Science roadmap Promote and maintain an unbeatable culture in your team, and cross-teams Requirements Strong Data Science background with experience leading Analytics automation Strong technology background in developing Machine Learning models in Python, and good familiarity with the Python Data Science packages Strong Statistical and Mathematical understanding Familiarity with SPSS is a plus Experience with BI tools and Data Visualization is a plus PhD in exact sciences is preferred but not required  About Us  About Us  The RepTrak Companyâ„¢ is the world's leading reputation data and insights company. We provide the only global platform for data-driven insights on Reputation, Brand, and ESG. Our proprietary RepTrakÂ® model is the global standard for measuring and analyzing the sentiment of the world using proven data science models and machine learning techniques across industries and geographies.  Subscribers to the RepTrakÂ® Program use our predictive insights to protect business value, improve return on investment, and increase their positive impact on society. Established in 2004, The RepTrak Company owns the world's largest reputation benchmarking database of over 1 million company ratings per year used by CEOs, boards, and executives in more than 60 countries worldwide.
The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve strategic innovation in the health sector of the federal government. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help federal health organizations make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in the federal government. This position is open to temporary remote delivery anywhere within the U.S., to include the District of Columbia. Empower change with us. You Have: 2+ years of experience with bioinformatics, including programming capabilities and databases 2+ years of experience with applying data science and advanced data analytics Experience with using common scripting languages, including Python or R Experience with healthcare data sets or supporting government healthcare clients Ability to independently conduct analysis and interpretation of omics datasets Ability to communicate complex concepts clearly and concisely Ability to write white papers and scientific and technical manuscripts for publication Ability to obtain a security clearance BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: 1+ years of experience with using the Linux/Unix command line Experience with next generation sequencing, omics data analysis, and common open-source omics analysis tools and workflows Experience with multi-omics data analysis Experience with conducting large scale data analyses in on-prem or cloud-based high-performance computing (HPC) environments Ability to work independently and manage the work of others Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
Data Science Lecturer The School of Information at the University of California, Berkeley seeks applications for a pool of part-time, non-tenure-track lecturers to teach courses in Data Science. We are seeking outstanding lecturers who can teach 15-person sections in our web-based Master of Information and Data Science program.  Screening of applicants is ongoing and will continue as needed. The number of positions varies from semester to semester, depending on the needs of the school. Positions typically start in January, May, and August, and appointments may be renewed based on need, funding, and performance. Due to budget restrictions, no funding is available for visa or relocation expenses.  Responsibilities In addition to teaching responsibilities, general duties include: hold office hours, assign grades, advise students, prepare course materials (e.g., syllabus), provide clear and prompt feedback on student work, and maintain the course website with support from the graduate student instructor (GSI).  Basic Qualifications A bachelor's degree (or equivalent international degree) Experience teaching college-level courses Preferred Qualifications An advanced degree in a field such as data science, information, information science, statistics, computer science, engineering, political science, sociology, law, or economics. Professional experience in a field such as data science, information, information science, statistics, computer science, engineering, political science, sociology, law, or economics. Demonstrated excellence in teaching college-level courses. Experience teaching college-level courses online. Teaching experience in at least one of the following core areas: Introductory programming Research design and data analysis Applied statistics Data engineering, storage, retrieval Visualizing and communicating data Applied machine learning Privacy, security, and ethics of data Experiments and causal inference Very large scale data mining and analysis Applied regression and time series analysis Deep learning Social network analysis Natural language processing Preferred qualifications include: a record of superior academic or professional performance; the ability to be self-directed with broadly-defined limits on assignments; excellent communication skills, both oral and written; and a demonstrated ability to interact efficiently with diverse people in a highly multidisciplinary environment.  Salary The full-time annual fiscal-year salary range is $61,930 to $162,227. The School of Information generally hires lecturers for an appointment at 17% to 34% time on a semester basis.  This position is in a represented bargaining unit.  UC Berkeley has an excellent benefits package as well as a number of policies and programs to support employees as they balance work and family, if applicable.  www.excelonassociates.com #UCB
Dallas Fort Worth Data Science Tutor Jobs  It’s back-to-school time and the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science tutors nationally and in Dallas Fort Worth. As a tutor who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money, choose your own hours, and truly make a difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid 2x per week. Choose to tutor as much or as little as you want. Set your own hours and schedule. Get paired with students best-suited to your teaching style and preferences (from thousands of potential clients). Tutor online (i.e. “work remotely”) using our purpose-built Live Learning Platform. Students can take adaptive assessments through the platform and share results to help you decide where to focus. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a tutor:  You have excellent communication skills and a friendly, approachable personality. You can show subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have the ability to personalize lessons for each student.  >Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors and 1-on-1 Online Tutoring  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. With 1-on-1 Online Tutoring, individual students are connected with tutors for a highly personalized learning experience. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right tutors can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.  Please note: Varsity Tutors does not contract in: Alaska, California, Delaware, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia or Puerto Rico.
Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems. Key Functions:  The successful candidate will be part of a team conducting analyses of multiple, integrated sets of aviation, weather, and other related data to identify ways to improve predictive models, identify trends impacting operations, and apply machine learning techniques to solve complex problems. Minimum Qualifications: Typically requires less than 1 year of related experience with a related Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent combination of related education and work experience. Degree should be in field of Data Science, Machine Learning, or a related field. Minimum clearance required: None. Target Clearance: FAA Suitability. Preferred Qualifications: Experience using tools such as Java, R, and Python to prepare and analyze time series data. Coding, data modeling, simulation, and data visualization experience (e.g., Tableau). Excellent statistical and mathematical skills. Excellent written and verbal communications skills. Experience with machine learning techniques and algorithm development. Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn). Knowledge of Hadoop (e.g., Pig, Spark) or another distributed computing system. Past experience working in the aviation domain and with aviation data. Skill is desired, but not required. This requisition requires the following clearance(s): Suitability - FAA MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.  MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org. Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.
**BEFORE APPLYING**Take this brief assessment to be considered for the job: https://go.apply.ci/p/29v8BmU5XU8bMXF3y803We are seeking a highly-motivated Research and Development Manager to join us on our mission to develop and deploy world-class analytics tools to eliminate blindness from retinal diseases. You will rely on your exceptional communication skills and experience in data science to develop and manage a cutting-edge research program centered on eye care analytics. The successful applicant will be intelligent, creative, driven, detail-oriented, and highly motivated by the pursuit of new scientific discoveries that have an immediate impact on the lives of the people under our care.Take advantage of the opportunity to get in on the ground floor of a rapidly-growing, mission-driven company with four federal and state-funded research projects totaling $2.5M over the last 24 months and a current funding record of 100%.About Retinal Care: Retinal Care is a technology-enabled healthcare services company with a simple mission: We help people see the world. We are a diverse team of clinicians, engineers, data scientists, and behavioral experts innovating to overcome the complex barriers to effective and efficient eye care. Our team is pioneering the use of direct patient engagement, technology, telehealth, and advanced analytics to apply ground-breaking methods of identifying, managing, and treating patients at risk of vision-threatening diseases. And we do it all with every action focused on our shared values of mission-driven, committed, compassionate, solution-oriented, and relational.Responsibilities: Manage administrative aspects of existing grant projects, including communication and coordination with investigators at universities, healthcare systems, and other organizationsAssist in the prioritization and allocation of internal funding for R&DAssist in the preparation and submission of grant proposals to federal agencies and other organizationsPrepare and submit protocols for Institutional Review Board approval as necessaryAssist in the development and management of R&D budgets, budget justifications, policies, and proceduresAssist in the preparation and submission of interim and final reports to funding agenciesAssist in the preparation and submission manuscripts to peer-reviewed scientific journalsDiligently document research findings and development effortsAssist in the preparation and submission of documentation to the FDA or other regulatory agencies as requiredCollaborate and maintain relationships with leaders in the field, throughout academia and industryMaintain a thorough understanding of the state of the art in relevant fields, including continuous review of relevant scientific literature and other sources of informationComply with all regulatory and other requirements associated with Protected Health Information and its useSupport the Chief Science Officer, Chief Medical Officer, and other R&D team leads as necessary, including occasional administrative dutiesRequirements: Bachelor's degree with at least 1 year of experience in data science, engineering, applied mathematics, computer science, or other related fieldExcellent verbal and written communications skills, demonstrated through technical writing sampleSelf-motivated, flexible, and able to adapt rapidly to the dynamic environment of a tech startupStrong analytical thinking and ability to handle multiple tasks concurrentlyExperience with statistical data analysis including proficiency with ExcelHighly organized, detail-oriented, with an ability to thoroughly document research resultsDemonstrated ability to be productive in a remote working environmentExcellent computer skills, including experience in Python or similar scientific/statistical languagePreferred: Experience in grant writing and federal funding mechanisms in science and engineeringExperience in technical writing, particularly through scientific journalsMS in data science, engineering, mathematics, or related fieldExperience in healthcare analytics and the use of patient-level data for predictionExperience with database management systems (PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc)Experience with cloud-based analysis tools, including AWS and SalesforceResearch and Development Manager Core Competencies: Creativity, Organization/Planning, Integrity, Energy/Drive, Ambition, Persuasion, Tenacity, Leading Edge, Education, Communications – Written and Oral, Political Savvy, Goal SettingPerformance Management, Judgment/ Decision Making, Strategic Skills, Pragmatism, Resourcefulness/ Initiative, Stress Management, ExcellenceDiversity creates a healthier atmosphere: Retinal Care is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.We are an E-Verify employer.For more information, please click on the following links:E-Verify Participation Poster:English / Spanish - https://e-verify.uscis.gov/web/media/resourcesContents/E-Verify_Participation_Poster_ES.pdfE-Verify Right to Work Poster:English - https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/IER_RighttoWorkPoster.pdfSpanish - https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/IER_RighttoWorkPosterES.pdfJob Type: Full-timePay: $60,000.00 - $70,000.00 per yearBenefits:Flexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWork Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes
We’re JLL—a leading professional services and investment management firm specializing in real estate. We have operations in over 80 countries and a workforce of over 92,000 individuals around the world who help real estate owners, occupiers and investors achieve their business ambitions. As a global Fortune 500 company, we also have an inherent responsibility to drive sustainability and corporate social responsibility. That’s why we’re committed to our purpose to shape the future of real estate for a better world. We’re using the most advanced technology to create rewarding opportunities, amazing spaces and sustainable real estate solutions for our clients, our people and our communities.  Our core values of teamwork, ethics and excellence are also fundamental to everything we do and we’re honored to be recognized with awards for our success by organizations both globally and locally.  Creating a diverse and inclusive culture where we all feel welcomed, valued and empowered to achieve our full potential is important to who we are today and where we’re headed in the future. And we know that unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives help us think bigger, spark innovation and succeed together.  If this job description resonates with you, we encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all of the requirements below. We’re interested in getting to know you and what you bring to the table!  We are currently seeking a Research Market Intelligence Analyst to join the JLL Americas Research team in the Washington, DC market who will contribute to increasing the value of the Research data platform for property data collected and analyzed for the Americas region. You will build upon and continue to elevate a best-in-class research program that differentiates JLL and drives a competitive advantage in the marketplace through market expertise, analysis and insight. Our Analyst will be responsible for improving the data collection method in the Washington, DC market to improve data quality and comprehensiveness.  What this job involves: Develop strong relationships with local market Researchers and transaction professionals to ensure bi-directional information flow Develop strong relationships within the Research organizational model to ensure data collection process efficiency Regularly augment and refine datasets according to established methods Identify and correct data gaps and information bottlenecks Leverage visualization tools to pinpoint dataset weaknesses and execute remediation plans Learn and leverage the commercial real estate transaction life cycle to augment the market’s data store Work with the GIS and BI Hubs to create value from data collection efforts based on needs of the local market Make recommendations to expand and improve data collection and validation toolsets and techniques Monitor and achieve data cleansing and augmentation KPIs  Sound like you? Before you apply it’s worth knowing what we are looking for: High attention to detail Strong organizational, data collection, analysis, validation and auditing skills Excellent communication skills 2-3 years, data and real estate experience High level analytical skills and problem-solving ability and written and oral communication skills Ability to multi-task, succeed under pressure and effectively manage time and workload Proactive and strategic thinking and ability to align research data with the business and innovate process efficiency Command of requisite technology including Excel and Word Familiarity with Tableau, SQL and Python a plus Comfort utilizing data analysis and visualization tools Bachelor’s degree in business, economics, statistics, computer science, data science or related field required Motivated and self-starting with a desire to succeed and contribute to the success of a team A desire to work within a diverse, collaborative, and driven professional environment  What you can expect from us We succeed together and believe the best inspire the best, so we invest in supporting each other, learning together and celebrating our success.  Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your career ambitions, recognizing your contributions, investing in your well-being and providing competitive benefits and pay.  We can’t wait to see where your ambitions take you at JLL. Apply today!
About usCertec Consulting, increcruiting firmThe following is a big plus:-- fluency in Python and Machine Languages (PyTorch, TensorFlow, JAX)-- experience with training and deploying models in multi-GPU environments-- recognized open-source contributions-- participation in competitive programming events (CTFs, IOI, IMO, Topcoder, Kaggle, etc.)SkillsPython,Machine Learning,Rust,NLP,PyTorchTensorFloWJob Type: Full-timePay: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayWeekend availabilityCOVID-19 considerations:Full RemoteApplication Question(s):are you published on github.com - listEducation:Master's (Required)Experience:Python: 1 year (Required)Machine learning (pytorch/tensorflow): 1 year (Required)Language:English (Required)Work Location:Fully Remote
PRINCIPAL DATA ENGINEER HEALTH-TECH REMOTE $175,000 - $185,000 This NYC health-tech startup is looking for an amazing data engineering leader to work hands-on and lead the team. Their business is absolutely booming, and they are scaling their data team to fit the needs of their business and the demand for their services! THE COMPANY This health-tech enterprise is working on cutting-edge applied science to create a safer world for all, through the development of artificial intelligence-centered technology that can turn uncertainty in medical testing into certainty. If you are a top-tier Data Engineer with a desire to help change the global landscape of health tech, then this could be the position for you. THE ROLE - Principal Data Engineer As the Principal Data Engineer, you will be hands-on using AWS, SQL, and Python daily with a team of Software, Data, and DevOps Engineers. You will have access to massive amounts of patient data and be responsible for the end-to-end management of data from various sources. You will work with structured and unstructured data to solve complex problems in the medical care industry. In this role you will be expected to: Autonomously decide which technology is best to scale this business Work with various teams throughout the company to ensure data is ready for their needs Build secure, scalable ETL pipelines in the cloud - AWS Collaborate with Data Science, AI, and Computer Vision teams to ensure the infrastructure supports the business growth initiatives Work with large amounts of structured and unstructured data YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE: Degree educated in a numerical discipline (computer science or relevant field) Proven Experience building ETL pipelines and data platforms in a professional environment An understanding of the toolbox necessary to perform in the data technologies workshop Commercial experience using Python, AWS, SQL, Kubernetes, Airflow to build data pipelines Excellent communication skills to work cross-functionally and lead a team BENEFITS: As the Principal Data Engineer, you can expect to earn up to $185,000 (depending on experience), equity, 401k, medical, dental, vision, commuter benefits, and much more. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your resume to Danny Macdonald via the Apply link on this page. KEYWORDS: Principal Data Engineer, Data Engineer, SQL, Python, R, Scala, Spark, Hadoop, Kafka, AWS, Analytics, Pipelines, Data Architecture, Unstructured Data, ETL, Software Engineer, Kubernetes, Airflow, Data Management
How you will help You'll ensure that our clients have the highest quality of data to make their everyday decisions. The focus of the Data Operations Analyst position is monitoring our data vendors and data exchanges to ensure that data being loaded to our warehouse is timely, accurate, and complete. If an issue is found, you own escalation and communication to the appropriate internal and external stakeholders. What you will doAnalyze all vendor data assets and correct complex data anomaliesMonitor Airflow and other internal tools to ensure data processing and ingestion is not interruptedSource and oversee the lifecycle of reference data sources specified by the Data Architecture teamProvide guidance and support during the vendor on-boarding process which includes data ingestion, normalization, and QC activitiesDevelop repeatable testing routines to expedite QA that can also be used to closely monitor the recurring ingestion for ongoing QCDevelop and maintain trend analysis for longer term, historical quality controlPerform analytics against healthcare data using SQL based programming tools About You You are...A data geek with enviable SQL skills and a passionate sense of ownershipA self-starter who enjoys working in a small, rapidly changing, fast-paced environmentA person with good written/ verbal communication skillsConfident enough to course correct a process or team when requiredDedicated to ensuring our customers get uninterrupted serviceMethodical, executing through several approaches to determine the best fitEnergized by learning even if outside the scope of day-to-day responsibilitiesComfortable working on several different tasks throughout your workday Desired Skills and ExperienceBS degree in MIS, Math/statistics/analytics, computer engineeringProficient in programming against large data assets with a working knowledge of SQL, preferably also knowledgeable in PythonProven analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilitiesExtensive experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environmentOrganized and time consciousCapable of working independently Our company challengesEmpowering clients with highly rewarding data discovery and licensing toolsIngesting and managing billions of healthcare records from a wide variety of partnersStandardizing on common data models across data typesOrchestrating an industry-leading HIPAA privacy layerInnovating our proprietary de-identification and data science algorithmsBuilding a culture that supports rapid iteration and new possibilities The infrastructure and culture we are building will provide an environment that cultivates innovation. We want to move fast knowing we can fix anything we break along the way. If a new need arises, we want to turn around a solution quickly. We want to solve our challenges in ways that create even more possibilities. We’re creating a platform that lets us discover what else we might do. About HealthVerity Pharmaceutical manufacturers, payers and government organizations have partnered with HealthVerity to solve some of their most complicated use cases through transformative technologies and real-world data infrastructure. The HealthVerity IPGE platform, based on the foundational elements of Identity, Privacy, Governance and Exchange, enables the discovery of RWD across the broadest healthcare data ecosystem, the building of more complete and accurate patient journeys and the ability to power best-in-class analytics and applications with flexibility and ease. Together with our partners, HealthVerity has built the modern way to data for the health insights economy. To learn more about the HealthVerity IPGE platform, visit www.healthverity.com. We have big plans We’ve built a platform that will scale to support an ever-growing array of data providers and innovative products and services. You must be able to think big while still delivering on near-term requirements. HealthVerity is an equal opportunity employer devoted to inclusion in the workplace. We believe incorporating different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds make us stronger and encourages an environment where ageism, racism, sexism, ableism, homophobia, transphobia or any other form of discrimination are not tolerated. At HealthVerity, we’re working towards an innovative and connected future for healthcare data and believe the future is better together. We can only do that if everyone has a seat at the table. Read our Equity Inclusion and Diversity Statement. If you require a reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please direct your inquiries to careers@healthverity.com #LI-Remote
Cloud Data EngineerRemote12-month CTHAs the Data Engineer, you will be responsible for writing Python to manipulate data and create data models for a new claims platform. You will utilize Spark SQL/PySpark to process these datasets and create APIs to connect various data sources. You will play an integral part in migrating multiple claims systems to AWS. This is a great opportunity to be mentored and trained on new technologies in an agile environment.Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or Data Science bootcamp experience1+ years professional experienceSolid understanding and hands on experience mining, manipulating, and modeling data with Python and Spark/Spark SQL/PySparkProject or internship experience migrating an application to Amazon Web Services (AWS), specifically S3, Glue and LambdaImportant to have a mindset focused on continuous improvement and automationResponsibilities: Write Python to develop statistical software and create data modelsPerform data mining to determine trends in client benefit dataPrepare platform for cloud migration with API designYou will be paired with senior technology leaders to learn the environment and be trained on new technologiesWhat’s In It For You? Exposure to new technologies such as Databricks and AWS SnowflakeOpportunity to start your career at a Fortune 15 Healthcare CompanyYou will be trained and mentored by senior technologistsYou will attend networking events with senior leadershipWeekly paychecksJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
Position Title: BI Data Analyst Position Description: We are seeking a Business Intelligence Data Analyst who combines an intense curiosity about data with a strong commitment to practical problem solving for business stakeholders. This role will require mastery of a complex and evolving data model unique in the industry not only for its scale but also in the dimensionality of business processes involved. Our team works in close alignment with all business units to understand and conduct research on the analytical requirements of our data projects. The right candidate will also be an essential liaison between the BI team and various business units such as Developer Relations, Ad Sales, Ad Operations, Customer Service, Marketing and Finance. As such, the position demands a highly professional demeanor and strong communication skills, notably the ability to translate between business and technical requirements. Most importantly, we are looking for a keen analytical thinker who enjoys working with and using data to find interesting insights. Core Competencies: Essential duties and responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:  Become an expert on the data model for apps, ad campaigns and customer behavior analytics Proactively analyze customer and network data in search of business insight Development of reporting solutions using SQL (BigQuery), Microstrategy, Excel, Google Data Studio and related tools Automate ad hoc processes into robust, performant, highly available, business user-friendly reports Translate and execute requirements for business metrics at the data layer Work closely with the ETL team and contribute to the data warehouse code base (Git, Airflow) Work with the Product, Engineering and Data Science teams to ensure proper data collection to support reporting and analysis Ensure data integrity, methodological soundness and analytic rigor for product development and experimentation Conduct both ad hoc and long-term strategic analysis for key business teams  Requirements:  B.A./B.S. in applied technical field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, etc. SQL, Python Working knowledge of statistics Strong interest in large scale data mining, reporting and visualization Deep understanding of online/mobile advertising dynamics Understanding of monetization KPI for apps/games Experience designing and executing A/B tests Familiarity with user acquisition and LTV models Understanding of Product Development lifecycles Previous experience with BI tools a plus (Microstrategy, Tableau, Looker...) Exceptional attention to detail; willingness to understand data at a very deep level Ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with all levels of employees and management A mature, self-motivated person with a positive, professional attitude  Tapjoy is a leading mobile advertising and app monetization company. Our platform empowers advertisers to connect with over 1 billion monthly active users through value exchange advertising that drives awareness, engagement, and the metrics that matter most to their overall growth. Meanwhile, companies such as Scopely, Glu, Ludia, and many of the Top 200 grossing app publishers trust our platform to monetize their content, grow their audiences, and reward their users. Founded in 2007 and headquartered in San Francisco, Tapjoy is a global organization with offices in Santa Barbara, Boston, London, Beijing, Tokyo, and Seoul. Tapjoy is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity and inclusion lead to stronger, more innovative teams and better business results; we want to draw from the broadest talent pool possible and encourage qualified applicants. Tapjoy does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, color, age, sexual orientation, gender (including identity and expression), disability (mental or physical), religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification protected by applicable law; we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, and pursuant to applicable fair chance ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. For more information, please visit www.tapjoy.com
We are seeking a full time SAS Programmer to help carry out clinical research studies in arthritis, musculoskeletal disease and pain using large existing datasets. We are an internationally leading NIH funded research group. You will have the opportunity to join an outstanding group of encouraging and collaborative researchers wrestling with how to prevent and/or treat these common disabling conditions. Primarily responsible for crafting, developing, and executing statistical analysis using research study databases.  Additional responsibilities:  Crafting, modifying, and maintaining SAS programs utilizing SASmacros Extracting and manipulating data from a large cohort study databases to build analysis datasets Designing, executing, interpreting, and reporting the results of statistical analyses Crafting appropriate tables and graphs to display analytic results Perform accurate and complete data extraction from various data sources to meet project requirements Update data sets and provide documentation for any change in data sets Perform statistical analyses of data for epidemiologic studies Perform and write up analyses for own studies Attend study meetings and connect with faculty investigators about analysis plans for their studies  This position will report to the Chief Section of Rheumatology Required Skills  Masters Degree 1-3 Years of experience Strong written and oral English-language skills The ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced multitasking environment The ability to work independently and as part of a team are required Applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States   We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Required Experience
Acara solution is looking for Data Engineer for our client located in santa clara,CA. Data Engineer with Healthcare Analytics experience needed to build data pipelines from various sources (cloud, web/API, flat file, data base) and corresponding analytical solutions. Designs, builds and oversees the deployment and operation of technology architecture, solutions and software to capture, manage, store and utilize structured and unstructured data from internal and external sources. Establishes and builds processes and structures based on business and technical requirements to channel data from multiple inputs, route appropriately and store using any combination of distributed (cloud) structures, local databases, and other applicable storage forms as required. Develops technical tools and programming that leverage artificial intelligence, machine learning and big-data techniques to cleanse, organize and transform data and to maintain, defend and update data structures and integrity on an automated basis. Creates and establishes design standards and assurance processes for software, systems and applications development to ensure compatibility and operability of data connections, flows and storage requirements. Reviews internal and external business and product requirements for data operations and activity and suggests changes and upgrades to systems and storage to accommodate ongoing needs. Pay and benefits: The Salary for this position is between $ 25.30 and $ 63.74per hour (Max Pay rate).   Required Skills / Qualifications: High school diploma or GED  Minimum 6 year of experience Healthcare Analytics Providers (Truven, IMS, IQVIA, Premier and Definitive Healthcare). Minimum 6 year of experience data models and analytical solutions in Enterprise Data Warehouses also required (SQL Server, Snowflake, etc). Preferred Skills / Qualifications: Candidate should have very strong SQL and Python skills to work with varied sources and targets. Additional Information: Upon offer of employment, the individual will be subject to a background check and a drug screen. Aleron companies (Acara Solutions, Aleron Shared Resources, Broadleaf Results, Lume Strategies, TalentRise, Viaduct, and Aleron's strategic partner, SDI) are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, sex, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. The Aleron companies welcome and encourage applications from diverse candidates, including people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for applicants taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Applicants for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States. This position does not meet the employment requirements for individuals with F-1 OPT STEM work authorization status.
To fulfill this mission, the Marketing Science team at Facebook is actively seeking a full-time and experienced Marketing Science Partner. A Marketing Science Partner at Facebook works with internal and external clients in an industry vertical such as Automotive, E-commerce, Entertainment, CPG, Fin-Serv, Tech etc. on an ongoing basis to adopt better measurement as a way to improve business outcomes. To accomplish this, the person in this role will work directly with clients using Facebook’s industry leading measurement tools and data sets. Driving good measurement with advertisers will require designing tests (conversion lift, brand lift, attribution etc.) and doing research to help clients understand and improve the effectiveness of their advertising across digital platforms and across media. Conclusions from this work will showcase what good measurement is and how clients can act upon it to drive business impact. The Marketing Science Partner will also focus on customizing existing capabilities or in some cases piloting new, scalable capabilities in partnership with Product, R&D, and Partnerships. Facebook is seeking exceptional candidates to join the Marketing Science team: we’re looking for people with strong analytical and critical thinking skills as well as familiarity with large data sets and data manipulation tools. To successfully influence how advertisers conduct and use measurement, the candidate should be able to work cross-functionally with teams such as Sales, Creative Shop, Ads Research, Product Marketing etc. Manage a complex set of client and agency relationships Engage with clients and agencies to measure true business value by building and operationalizing measurement strategies that highlights how a client can improve business outcomes by employing better measurement techniques Drive client, vertical, and industry adoption of preferred measurement methodologies, products, and approaches Design tests to showcase the power of good measurement using client data and Facebook or third-party technology tools Conduct in-depth standard and custom ad effectiveness studies for Facebook advertisers to understand the relative impact of different marketing strategies across digital platforms and across media Communicate complex research results to a general audience Provide feedback to and collaborate with Product, R&D, and Partnerships to identify opportunities for new features, products, and partnerships and drive client engagement around measurement innovation, including product alphas and beta Partner closely with cross-functional partners such as Sales, Product, R&D, Ads Research, Creative Shop etc. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Statistics, Biostatistics, Data Science, Economics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Sociology or similar Experience independently scoping and executing research projects with clients and/or cross-functional stakeholders Experience analyzing and manipulating data sets to understand patterns and provide insights Demonstrated leadership experience at an industry level and with senior clients Experience communicating technical content to all types of audiences Experience with advertising measurement methods and technologies Experience with data querying languages (eg. SQL) and manipulation tools to work with large data sets Experience with field experiments, experimental design, survey sampling, and/or panel data Advanced degree in a quantitative field or an MBA Experience with digital advertising for brand and DR outcomes Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
The Business Operations & Analytics Team at Chainalysis is looking for a Senior Product Data Analyst to help define and create the next generation of deep dive and performance metrics visibility tools. Our ideal candidate is comfortable in a nascent and fast-paced space with a lot of ambiguity, enjoys translating complex business and product questions into well-defined quantitative problems, and is capable of building scalable analytics solutions to answer these questions. You'll join the Finance team in our centralized analytics unit and work primarily with the Product Department and other stakeholders across Finance, Engineering & Customer Success to define metrics across all of our products. The analytical tools and reports you build will help us understand the drivers of success metrics and make informed business decisions.  In one year you'll know you were successful if...  You are an expert in accessing and analyzing all of Chainalysis' datasets including blockchain data, product usage data and financial metrics You've treated our internal data as a product and helped to scale the company's analytics platforms, trained folks to leverage BI tools, and provided your colleagues with easier access to insights You've built tools and mechanisms to consolidate and update data regularly to make data easily accessible to all stakeholders in the company You've translated product and business questions into quantitative questions, uncovered the inputs into our success metrics and started publishing weekly reports that product and leadership teams use to identify critical areas of improvement You've upkept company KPI metrics and planned data analysis roadmaps to meet the operational and performance tracking requirements across teams You've created new KPIs to track the product performance that guide the product team's initiatives  A background like this helps:  Educational background in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Statistics, Economics or a quantitative discipline preferred Professional work experience in a hands-on analytics or data science function with proven quantitative orientation Proven ability to translate ambiguous business and product questions into quantitative problem statements, structure complex analysis, implement large scale analytical solutions and drive business and product insights. Advanced skills in SQL, ETL, Product Analytics tools (e.g., Pendo), Data Warehouse solutions (e.g., Redshift) Knowledge and experience with data pipeline technologies, data modeling (star schemas, snowflake, aggregation tables), basic data architectures (compute and reporting pclusters). Experience in inventing new metrics, conducting root cause analysis, A/B testing and developing reporting/visualization solutions (e.g., Tableau, Quicksight) Fluency with statistical analytics and a programming language such as R, Python etc. Excellent organizational skills including prioritization of multiple concurrent projects while still delivering timely and accurate results. Excellent oral, presentation and written communication skills - you're passionate about storytelling via data! A Just Do It attitude and ability to move with urgency and customer obsession. An ownership mindset - acts and makes decisions on behalf of the company, not just the team. Never heard of the words "not my job".  The following would differentiate you:  Experience working with product managers and developing SaaS product analyses Experience with technologies such as Pendo, Airflow, Hadoop or Spark Understanding of blockchain data  #LI-YT1 At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.  You belong here.  At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways we're ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Women's Day, Juneteenth, Harvey Milk Day, and International Migrant's Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture.  We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gender/gender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, don't hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We can't wait to meet you.  Applying from the EU? Please review our Candidate GDPR Notice.   By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment. I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference. I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.
Sharpen is looking to develop an operations research and decision science discipline. We are looking for self-starting, motivated Data Science Engineer to bring decision science to contact center management. Over time, this team will build executive dashboards, queuing models, decision optimization models, forecasts, and AI models. Know that the modern contact center is one of the most complex and interesting environments for an OR practitioner, and the team will be highly collaborative and fun.  Job Responsibilities: This team will be responsible for adding executive decision-making tools for this resource hungry industry and reports to Sharpen’s Chief Data Scientist. As such, there are a number of interesting and cost-saving initiatives our team will lead. Our Data Science Engineer will: Develop provably accurate, yet generic, queuing models to understand the relationships between staff resources, handle times, and network performance Develop value-added executive dashboards and produce contact center ROI reports using our reporting system Help customers understand and use decision analyses Bring energy to the analytic team Other duties and responsibilities as assigned Requirements: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in operations research/industrial engineering, Business Analytics, Informatics (or alike) Working knowledge of queuing models, network modeling, linear and non-linear programming, multi-objective programming and visualization of decision alternatives. Ready to pick up SQL (query language) Experience working with databases Preferred experience coding in node.js, C++, Javascript, React/Redux, or other object-oriented programs Why Work at Sharpen? Sharpen is an energetic disrupter in the contact center industry. We are known for developing software to improve the “agent experience” and providing the best data experience for our customers. We are in downtown Indianapolis. We offer: Flexible work from home options. Health Benefits // Sharpen pays 100% of the premiums for employees. Score. Flexible Vacation Policy // You take vacation whenever you like. Company Provided Technology // We’ll provide you a MacBook Pro or a Microsoft Surface. Casual Dress Code // Jeans days are every day. Not just Fridays. Relentless Work Ethic // Our team thrives off working hard, learning constantly, and flexibility. Sharpen is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or veteran status.
The Challenge: We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve power services efficiency and back-up power resiliency for aviation clients. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll refine large or disparate data sets into valuable insights such as identification of trends, tracking of performance indicators, and completion of sensitivity analyses. You’ll create visualizations and presentations to provide objective answers and to help your client make informed decisions. This position provides support to planning functions for aviation clients, which directly impact power systems and cable infrastructure to maintain and improve overall electrical power quality, reliability, and availability. These programs replace and refurbish aviation electrical power systems that condition, generate, distribute, and regulate power, as well as the components that protect facilities and equipment from lightning and other disturbances. Empower change with us. You Have: Experience with advanced Microsoft Excel Ability to utilize knowledge management systems, including SharePoint to organize and access shared data, records, and information Ability to develop presentations to support management and acquisition activities Ability to obtain a security clearance BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: Experience with Tableau or data visualization tools Experience with FAA programs, systems, and databases Experience with facilities planning and inventory Knowledge of scheduling tools and resources Ability to develop process and data flow diagrams for inventories and schedules MA or MS degree in economics or statistics Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Build Your Career:  At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the chance to: access online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
Predictive Modeler / Data Scientist  A growing healthcare company is seeking an experienced Predictive Modeler / Data Scientist to join its talented team. Qualified candidates will have a similar background to the following:  Professional experience in programming, data science, and/or actuarial science (or a closely related discipline) Healthcare, clinical, or claims data Programming experience in at least two of: R, Python, and SQL Willingness and desire to learn machine learning, programming, data science, or actuarial science concepts as necessary to perform job functions Experience in predictive modelling and or data modelling Experience analyzing large data sets and visualizing and presenting data  This is a full time, direct hire. No Sponsorship. Company will provide a robust compensation and medical benefits package. Additional perks and incentives will also be available.  To apply, please send your resume to bk@libertyjobs.com  Please add me on LinkedIn!  I look forward to connecting with you!  Boyd Kelly www.libertyjobs.com 484 567 2099 bk@libertyjobs.com http://www.libertyjobs.com/boyd/jobs http://www.linkedin.com/in/boydakelly  #IT  #libertyjobs
VEDA helps patients get the care they need by untangling technical healthcare complexities with fresh scientific approaches and generous collaboration. Our technology reflects what our people provide: quality without ego, honesty backed by science, and warmth in an industry not known for having much heat.  Ready to build the future with us? VEDA is looking for sharp-minded do-gooders who share our values:  Collaboration Working together to identify solutions to current problems Openness Actively listening, sharing and holding space for new ideas, perspectives and people Integrity Doing the right thing, honestly and transparently. Grit Displaying passion and perseverance to achieve our goals. Benefits offered by VEDA: VEDA is made up of talented professionals that are driven to do meaningful work to change healthcare from the inside out. We are also friends, parents, partners and caregivers. VEDA’s benefits reflect our values—we offer fully paid, low or no-deductible medical, dental and vision insurance for our employees and their families. We ensure that employees can take time off to recharge and have flexibility to care for themselves and their families. About the Position You will collaborate with Engineering, Product, and Customer Success on a variety of data science projects to support our products, identify gaps in performance, develop new algorithms, and prototype new features Perform root cause analysis to identify problems or gaps in our systems and algorithms Assist in creating short- and long-term roadmaps for improving our algorithms and products Build tools to measure, monitor, and improve data quality across a distributed, cloud-based system Improve machine learning models through feature engineering, algorithm experimentation, and discovering new data sources Rapidly prototype proof-of-concept features for new and existing products Perform ad-hoc queries and analyses to answer questions about data quality and availability Participate in team development and project management activities as required for your development, support, and design activities About You Experience solving messy, complex problems with real-world data Excellent hacking skills; the ability to quickly build a POC or make a baseline measurements in order to re-evaluate and iterate General, foundational knowledge in machine learning with bonus points for experience deploying and managing models in production Strong background in Python and the open-source data science stack and SQL skills Experience collaborating on a shared codebase Experience working in a cloud environment (we use AWS) Ability to clearly communicate results to technical and non-technical audiences Skills You Might Have Preferred: Background in NLP, geocoding/geographic information standardization, MLOps, and/or ML feature extraction/engineering. Preferred: Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Computer Science, Physics, Economics, Math) Preferred: Strong scientific research background Preferred: 1+ years of experience as a data scientist in industry Our COVID Commitment: VEDA is committed to prioritizing the health, safety and emotional well being of our employees and their families. That means allowing our employees to choose to work remotely until there is a widely available vaccine. All employees are required to be located within the USA. We look forward to learning more about you - apply to join the VEDA team today!
Required Qualifications Master’s degree and two years of related experience or BS/BA degree and four years of related experience Experience in data science relevant to the position description Proficient in Python (preferred), matlab or similar programming language Proficient with ArcGIS, QGIS or other geospatial modeling Both self-directed and team-oriented Ability to successfully multitask and organize workflow; manage multiple projects and schedules; and handle interruptions during scheduled work hours Preferred Qualifications Experience in environmental or sustainability science Experience in peer-to-peer mentoring or teaching Strong communication skills Experience working on collaborative teams Ability to communicate technology concepts effectively with technically proficient and non-technically proficient individuals Ability to work in-person on the St. Paul campus. This is a full-time temporary position with an expected duration of one year. We have two positions available for this job opening. The salary range for this position is $42k-$65k DOQ.  The Institute on the Environment (IonE) at the University of Minnesota seeks two full-time, one-year Data Science Research Specialists to focus on advancing our environmental impact modeling with an emphasis on ecosystem service assessments. This position will be on the Knowledge Initiatives (KI) team, which leads the portfolio of interdisciplinary sustainability research and scholarly activity within IonE and is a core member of the Natural Capital Project (NatCap).  The position will contribute to improving our collective ability to map sustainability across scales and contexts, from a parcel of land owned by a single individual to a county or watershed or larger. The research focuses on evaluating the consequences of land use management decisions on the value nature provides people and partitioning those costs and benefits to different stakeholders and decision makers.  Specific responsibilities include: i) improving the ability of existing and developing ecosystem services models to include distributional assessments across socio-economic groups in urban and agriculturally-dominated environments, working closely with model developers; ii) managing the application of these tools and required data to conduct ecosystem services assessments in pilot locations and in the U.S., MN and/or elsewhere; and iii) maintaining and expanding our academic network to collaborate with leading groups in the field of Nature-Based solutions in either urban and agricultural systems.  Research experience in geospatial data science or a similar field is a requirement to start this position. Work experience related to ecology, ecological economics, natural resource management, agricultural economics, sustainability and/or environmental science, while not required, would be highly desirable. Overall, the researcher is expected to balance multiple tasks and manage time efficiently to ensure project activities are completed in an organized and efficient manner.  This may be a hybrid of teleworking and in-person work, with the exact work location mix dependent on the person and job responsibilities thus preference is given to incumbents who will be located within reasonable driving distance from the UMN St. Paul campus. The person will be expected to fully participate in IonE, including engaging in person or via web-conferencing with the team, attending important IonE events in person at least once every few months, and developing working relationships with other IonE staff. Application review will be rolling until filled. To apply, please submit a cover letter that describes your qualifications and includes a brief diversity statement, CV or resume, and contact information for at least 2 references (i.e., name, title, organization; URL to biographical sketch or similar; address, phone number, and email address; and relationship to the candidate). References would not be contacted until final candidates have been identified; candidates would be notified prior to contacting references.  Principal Duties and Responsibilities 40% Model application Collect and synthesize data needed to run InVEST and other ecosystem services assessment models in a diverse set of contexts. Assess outcomes of ecosystem service models at different scales using land ownership data or other boundaries Run ecosystem services assessments or optimization models to support site-scale, regional- and national-level spatial planning. Analyze economic and environmental trends to support novel ecosystem service valuations. Responsible for developing, integrating, supporting, and maintaining information systems, and applications as needed, including programming, analysis, quality control, and maintaining software development best practices Developing code from specifications, enhancing/customizing existing or purchased programs or systems through code and developing additional functionality, and developing system integration plans Work closely with existing environmental scientists on data and modeling of environmental impacts, translating the excel based models and data acquisition to python when possible. 20% Data Management Includes understanding existing databases and building/maintaining these databases as needed Consulting with team members on data and database needs Assisting with data management structures 15% Writing & Communication Contribute to scientific publications through data analysis, writing, creating figures or other support. Write general-interest communications or blog posts on project outcomes. Present results at meetings and conferences and assist with stakeholder workshops. 15% Team Collaboration and Training Communicate effectively with team members regarding technical and functional requirements. Provide recommendations to improve application usability Working closely with the IonE Research Software Team to follow best data and modeling practices 10% Other Other duties as assigned Seek professional development opportunities related to the position and to support future career development goals Participation in IonE community activities Enhance science communication and leadership skills Working Conditions This position may be structured to either be in-person or partially/fully remote with preference for in-person. Applicants should expect to work with a virtual team, using tools including Basecamp, Zoom, and the Google suite of applications. Part of the work may be done on an independent schedule, upon approval, with regular meetings during core team collaboration hours (M-Th 10-4 CT). The position may involve some occasional travel for workshops, conferences, and meetings as dictated by individual projects. Who are we? Located just off the Campus Connector’s St. Paul stop, the Institute on the Environment focuses on our world’s biggest environmental challenges. Through our work, we’re accelerating the energy transition, building climate resilience, improving global water and land use, and reimagining how we value nature. Our recipe is research, leadership, and communication. We believe we are most likely to achieve our mission when we integrate diverse perspectives into our work and our workplace, and we are committed to supporting an inclusive work environment and to collaborating with those most affected by the environmental issues we address in our work. Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Job Applications" page and uploading documents in the "My Cover Letters and Attachments" section. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). ***If you experience any barriers or obstacles to the application process, please email IONE@UMN.EDU*** The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. IonE is committed to creating and supporting a diverse and inclusive work environment. It is IonE’s mission to help people and planet prosper through just, equitable, and inclusive work with and across our community. Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.
Data Analyst, Level II Position Summary: The Data Analyst, Level II position is a full-time employment opportunity. Reporting to the Director of Institutional Effectiveness, the Data Analyst, Level II provides data support to request from leadership, faculty, and staff by gathering and analyzing data, maintaining information systems, conducting inferential statistics, and data mining, as well as by preparing reports to support decision-making. Essential Job Duties: Under the supervision of the Director of Institutional Effectiveness, the Data Analyst, Level II will: Perform data management activities such as pulling data from SQL databases, cleaning data, ensuring data accuracy and integrity, and computing relevant metrics.  Analyze quantitative and qualitative data and provide analytical support to the Office of Institutional Effectiveness, Academics, Student Affairs, and the institution at large.  Create and maintain institutional reports to track and analyze institutional, academic, and student data and conduct evaluation of institutional programs, academic interventions, and student persistence initiatives.  Ensure reports are of required quality and adhere to recognized best practices in academics, data visualization, and data science.  Prepare data visualizations and reports for presentation of analyses and results.  Additional Job Duties (include but are not limited to): Provide quality assurance for projects and results produced by other analysts on the team.  Conduct literature reviews and environmental scans on key issues of higher education and learning.  Conduct exploratory analysis related to student performance and institutional effectiveness.  Core Competencies: Commitment to Mission: Aligns with the Core Values of Integrity, Ethics, and Service through behaviors that demonstrate a positive commitment to the customer and the organization.  Aligns with the Core Values of Service through oral and written communication skills and internal/external relationships.  Encompasses the company’s core values of service; including service to the organization, customer community.  Personal Planning: Aligns with personal accountability and responsibility.  Leadership Competencies: Business Acumen: This competency involves the ability to understand and administer business information cross-departmentally in a manner that inspires confidence, instills trust and accomplishes the organization’s goals.  Building Communication: This leadership competency encompasses written and verbal communications of facts and ideas as well as developing a professional network inside and outside the organization.  Driving Results: This competency stresses accountability and continuous improvement through decision making, execution and producing results.  Minimum Requirements: Ability to work independently and within a team.  Ability to prioritize, schedule, and meet deadlines under pressure.  Ability to work on multiple, concurrent projects.  Ability to use critical thinking skills, logic and reasoning, and interpersonal skills to effectively work with a variety of constituents.  Ability to communicate complex results in simple terms, both orally and in writing.  Experience in data analysis. Experience in data visualization.  Working knowledge and experience of Excel, SQL, Word, and PowerPoint.  Preferred Qualifications: Experience with data visualization software (PowerBI preferred).  Experience in higher education (traditional or online).  Education: Bachelor’s degree required, Master’s degree preferred (data science, social sciences, education, business, or related field).  Education Requirements: If a degree or education credit minimum is required for the position, all education must be conferred by a regionally accredited or approved nationally accredited institution. All candidates must provide proof of higher education (official transcripts) upon request. Where higher education meets technology – that’s The University of Arizona Global Campus. At UAGC, students discover relevant degree programs, innovative technology, and cherished tradition. UAGC offers associate, bachelor’s, and master’s online degree programs. The mission of UAGC is to provide high-quality, accessible, lower cost, and innovative, educational programs that meet the diverse needs of individuals pursuing advancement in their lives, professions, and communities. For more information, please visit www.uagc.edu , Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/UniversityOfArizonaGlobalCampus/) , Instagram (https://https://www.instagram.com/uazglobalcampus/) , LinkedIn (https://https://www.linkedin.com/company/university-of-arizona-global-campus/) or Twitter (https://www.twitter.com/UAZGlobalCampus) .
National Journal is a premier research and insights company committed to helping organizations effectively navigate Washington. Best known as one of Washington’s most trusted media brands for nearly 50 years, our expertise is unmatched with teams of specialists dedicated to government affairs, communications, and political research, in addition to exceptional journalism.  The Network Science Initiative (NSI) is a custom research division within National Journal specializing in stakeholder mapping for corporate, association, and nonprofit clients. NSI identifies the people and organizations - from government, industry, think tanks, advocates, and media - with the most influence on key policy decisions, maps their connections within and across their respective communities, and develops tailored messaging and engagement strategies.   We are looking for curious and innovative researchers and consultants interested in learning about the most pressing national security and technology policy issues and the people and organizations shaping policy and procurement decisions.  Position in Brief:  Remote through 2021  National Security Policy Analysts are responsible for contributing to all aspects of NSI client engagements. Analysts on the defense and technology team conduct core qualitative research, create and present client deliverables, manage project timelines and communication, and help develop and refine the product, all with the aim of delivering value to our clients. Analysts work directly with senior leaders at National Journal and leading defense and tech companies. They provide insight into decision-makers across DoD, DHS, and the State Department who are setting national security strategy and shaping critical strategic initiatives in areas including cybersecurity, autonomous systems, and missile defense, among others.   The ideal candidate will have the ability to conduct qualitative analysis of current national security policy issues and execute against tight deadlines to develop professional and intellectually sound deliverables for clients, both independently and in close collaboration with team members.  Core day-to-day responsibilities could include:  Managing research for multiple client accounts and being responsible for the timely delivery of all project work  Collaborating with team members to develop research methodologies and approaches to answer client questions  Conducting qualitative research, developing analytical takeaways, and synthesizing findings into strategic recommendations for clients  Drafting deliverables, including PowerPoint presentations, memos, and other formats, to communicate findings and recommendations to clients  Presenting findings and interacting with clients to better understand their needs  Regularly consuming industry and policy-specific news to incorporate current trends into research and analysis  Qualifications of the Ideal Candidate:  A highly analytic, natural problem solver  The ability to highlight key insights within a complex set of data, synthesize large amounts of information, and then clearly explain these insights to potential clients  A skilled project manager, able to independently manage competing priorities and adhere to timelines  A strong writer able to clearly frame issues for a variety of audiences; some experience with PowerPoint or other visual presentation formats highly preferred  An individual with 1-3 years of experience in at least one of the following domains: strategy consulting, policy analysis - specific to national security and technology, Capitol Hill, political science research, executive agency policymaking, data science  Familiarity with the current national security policy landscape or experience analyzing DoD programs and strategies is preferred  Knowledge of the government acquisition process and procurement lifecycle is a plus but not required  Earned Bachelor's degree required  Compensation:The salary range for this role is $50,000-$58,000  Remote Status: Remote through the end of 2021 at which point this job will be based in Washington, DC
Job Description: The Quantitative Services Innovations Professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machine learning based platform. This platform performs highly customizable reconciliations using innovative matching techniques including fuzzy logic and supervised learning based machine learning techniques. The project has tight deliverable timelines and will require the right person to work with multiple teams within the bank including business partners, technology teams and operations groups. This role will also include participation in all phases of Machine Learning based projects built by our team including model development, model validation, governance and maintenance. Responsibilities: The candidate is expected to work closely with the business analysts, business partners and other technology partners to gather requirements and successfully build, test and implement software solutions.Work with operations and business personnel to provide support for the recon process including new user onboarding.Assist analyst and end-users with applying mathematical matching algorithms to their problem statements.Use proprietary and open source machine learning libraries for developing supervised learning based solutions.Be engaged in full lifecycle of a machine learning project including model development, governance, and maintenance. Requirements: University degree or higher in Computer Science, Mathematics, Financial Engineering, Economics or related quantitative field.1+ years relevant industry experience.Python programming experience.Experience or formal training with machine learning models.Strong technical background with proven experience working in an agile software development lifecycle.Experience with database technologies.Experience with Excel/VBA. Other Qualifications:Strives to bring new thoughts and ideas to teams in order to drive innovation and unique solutions.Excels in working among diverse viewpoints to determine the best path forward.Experience in connecting with a diverse set of clients to understand future business needs – is a continuous learner.Commitment to challenging the status quo and promoting positive change.Participate in and drive collaborative efforts to advance tools, technology, and ways of working to better serve an evolving client base.Believes in value of diversity so we can reflect, connect and meet the diverse needs of our clients and employees around the world. Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0
This position is mostly remote, candidates must be able to come in around 1 time per week in Baltimore, MD. You will be working with a team of roughly 8 other data analysts and data scientists on their Data Analytics team which encompasses work on customer service, the supply chain, and sales and work on their transmission substations. They are growing out this team as they invest in IT so there will be more cloud based infrastructure and deployment of models and more real time screening data. Your role will be to be able to communicate technical problems to stakeholders as well as be aware of who the end user of the models are. What features will be necessary and what areas of visualization will be (excel, power BI, tableau, etc.)Working on: Core workload: asset driven predictive modeling - capturing failures in the assetsTransformers - wood pole degradation, conductors, customer service data science such as propensity to pay, next best offer, biggest return models, energy orchestration - meter data per customer where are energy inefficiencies to be fixed and then scale it up - pushing energy back onto the grid with solar power in homes, neighborhoods with sun vs not, estimating when customers will need more power suppliedMostly machine learningGraph analytics - streaming analytics, cloud infrastructure, cloud computingWorking with different stakeholdersSkillset:2+ years of Data Science experienceBroad understanding of ML algorithms - when to use certain ones, statistical implications of the models and how to interpret the modelsProficiency in SQLExperience defining the scope, checking with management and stakeholders, and taking the project from start to finishPower BI and tableau experienceJob Type: Full-timePay: $115,000.00 - $125,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:One location
Overview ISS (Institutional Shareholder Services) is the world’s leading provider of corporate governance and responsible investment solutions. We take pride in enabling institutional investors and large companies to measure and manage governance, environmental and social risk. Our team within ISS is the Technology Innovation Lab and our mission is to enable innovation for our researcher and analysts by augmenting their tools and infrastructure. As a member of ISS's Technology Innovation team you will help us in extending our Machine Learning and Data Science Platform. The platform provides extensive Data Science and ML functionality to teams across the organization to connect, explore, and interact with our vast amount of Environmental, Social, Governance and Voting related data. It supports the fast-growing needs around large-scale data-collection, data-storage, and data-filtering for our client-facing applications and services. Responsibilities Responsible for delivering and operating tools and services that power the Machine Learning workflows and Data Analysis needs of ISS. Evaluate new tools and technologies in areas like resource-conscious Infrastructure, Orchestration, Data Science, and Machine Learning to help us spot opportunities to further improve our platform. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in computer science, earth science, or related fields. Strong analytical skills and problem-solving capabilities. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to work with teams across different locations and time zones. Have contributed to Open Source project. Hands-on experience with container orchestrators like Docker-Compose, Mesos, Kubernetes. Hands-on experience with at least two of following languages: Rust, Go, Python, Java/Scala Experience with running Data Science tools like JupyterLab, Spark, NiFi, Kafka, PrestoDB, PyTorch is a plus. Experience with observability related tools like Jaeger/Zipkin, InfluxDB, Prometheus, ELK Stack is a plus. #LI-JB1 ISS is an Equal Opportunity Employer and complies with the Veteran and Disability Acts.
Overview  ID.me is the most trusted digital identity network, providing mobile and online identity verification technology in the U.S. for commercial and public sector partners. Our mission is to make the world a more trusted place by facilitating transparent and efficient interactions between people and organizations. With over 50 million members and counting, we're just getting started. As a technology company relentlessly focused on helping our members achieve more with their digital identity, we want to ensure we are inclusive, safe, and secure in the mind of the consumer.  We are seeking our first Data Scientist to gather critical insights, and identify and analyze patterns. In this role, you will work closely with the data team, various operational teams, and company leadership to develop our data science practice. If you are data-driven, results-oriented, and eager to help solve data problems of varying complexities, then this would be the perfect opportunity for you.  Responsibilities Partner with leadership and stakeholders to develop our data science function Design experiments, test hypotheses, and build data models Work with data team to identify and analyze patterns Design and lead implementation of analytics pipelines and visualization Recommend and test new analytics algorithms and models Educate the organization on new analytical approaches to drive business decisions Qualifications 3+ years of hands-on experience in data science for a SaaS company or a mature startup BS/MS in Data Science or a related quantitative or scientific field Experience with SQL & the Python ML ecosystem - pandas, numpy, sklearn, etc. Experience with Time Series Prediction models & one or more deep learning libraries Experience ingesting, processing, and visualizing data sources of varying types - structured/relational and unstructured Experience in developing, managing, and manipulating large, complex datasets Data-driven, detail-oriented individual with excellent storytelling and problem-solving abilities Ability to work independently and autonomously, as well as part of a team Superb time management, prioritization of tasks and ability to meet deadlines with little supervision   Vision: To be the world's leading digital identity network empowering people to control their own information and to prove their credentials across all channels: online, call center, and in-person.  Mission: To make the world a more trusted place by delivering the highest level of security with the least amount of friction at the lowest possible cost.  People: We have an audacious mission. We aim to fix the identity layer of the internet. Billions of people will live better lives with more trust and convenience thanks to ID.me. We are like Special Forces. We take on the most difficult challenges with amazing teammates.  ID.me Core Values: *Don't be a jerk. *Always compete. *Ask questions like a 5-year old. *Inspire people with your passion. *Make something better every day. *Treat each customer like your favorite family member. *Own your mistakes so you can learn from them. *Details are everything. *Communicate like a scientist. *Be truthful (even when it's hard). *Reflect ID.me's values in your actions. *Act like an owner.  ID.me Career Site & Culture Deck: https://www.id.me/careers  ID.me maintains a work environment free from discrimination, where employees are treated with dignity and respect. All ID.me employees share in the responsibility for fulfilling our commitment to equal employment opportunity. ID.me does not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. ID.me adheres to these principles in all aspects of employment, including recruitment, hiring, training, compensation, promotion, benefits, social and recreational programs, and discipline. In addition, ID.me's policy is to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified employees who have protected disabilities to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances where a particular employee works. Upon request we will provide you with more information about such accommodations.  Please review our Privacy Policy, including our CCPA policy, at id.me/privacy. If you provide ID.me with any personally identifiable information you confirm that you have read and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out in our Privacy Policy.  ID.me participates in E-Verify.
Come see what's cookin' at HelloFresh!  At HelloFresh, we want to revolutionize the way we eat by making it more convenient and exciting to cook meals from scratch. We have offices all over the world and we deliver delicious meals to millions of people.  We are the industry leader in meal-kit subscription services and we're growing all the time. We have distinct meal-kit services that cater to everyone with the most menu variety in the market, which allows us to reach an incredibly wide population of people.  The HelloFresh team is diverse, high-performing, and international, and our work environment is an inspiring space where you can thrive as a result.  Job Description:  The Supply Chain Strategy Analyst will be responsible for data analysis within the Logistics team: compiling, monitoring and drawing impactful conclusions from Logistics performance data, as measured through on-time performance, customer-reported errors, and weekly costs. The analyst will be tasked with leveraging this data and managing database tools to help inform high-level strategy. Additional tasks will include developing, improving, and maintaining integral tools; generating weekly reports to HelloFresh leadership; providing regular and ad-hoc in-depth analysis on network and carrier performance, and leveraging this analysis to provide the team with insight and recommendations on continued network optimization.  You willâ€¦  Be responsible for weekly analysis and reporting on customer-reported errors, weekly costs, and carrier network performance Develop, improve upon, and maintain tools to support Logistics processes, and own necessary database improvements that support decision making and improvements across key metrics Support and help lead cross-functional projects geared towards improving data visibility and continuous process improvements Thrive in fast-paced environment with varying ad-hoc projects  You are...  Data-driven â€“ you can organize, explore, and synthesize unstructured data into actionable insights to better inform operational decision-making. Intellectually curious â€“ you have an insatiable desire to understand how things work, why they work the way they do, and to consistently challenge the status quo. Detail-oriented â€“ you possess strong organizational skills and consistently demonstrate a methodical approach to all your work. Agile â€“ you thrive in fast-paced and dynamic environments and are comfortable working autonomously. A critical thinker â€“ you use logic to identify opportunities, evaluate alternatives, and synthesize and present critical information to solve complex problems. An excellent communicator â€“ able to communicate at all levels with clarity, poise, maturity and precision both written and verbal. Collaborative - you enjoy working cross functionally with various teams to gather key inputs, and able to work well with diverse opinions. Dedicated to providing the best possible experience for the HelloFresh customer.  At a minimum, you have...  1+ years experience delivering analytical solutions to complex problems Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Economics, Data Science, Computer Science, Information Systems, Accounting, or other relevant area of study required Ability to work with multiple database systems and provide intelligence-driven conclusions Expert in Excel/VBA & SQL, while other statistical analysis software, including Alteryx, is a plus Experience visualizing data in Tableau Knowledge of Python a significant plus Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and project management skills Ability to tackle large datasets and transform them to meaningful visuals  You'll getâ€¦  Competitive Salary & 401k company match that vests immediately upon participation Generous parental leave of 16 weeks & PTO policy $0 monthly premium and other flexible health plans 75% discount on your subscription to HelloFresh (as well as other product initiatives) Snacks, cold brew on tap & monthly catered lunches Company sponsored outings & Employee Resource Groups Collaborative, dynamic work environment within a fast-paced, mission-driven company
Summary Posted: Jul 29, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200272245 Apple is seeking a ML Graphics Engineer who is exceptionally creative and innovative to join a team of industry-leading developers in their pursuit of innovative algorithms for 3D human visualization. Design and implement ML graphics workflows and procedural systems while working closely with a small team in a collaborative nature. Be forward-thinking in a fast paced, start-up environment with a drive to enable a team to scale productively and efficiently. The individual should be able to collaborate with multi-functional teams to develop algorithms and generate data to build software solutions for Apple’s next generation products. Key Qualifications Excellent programming skills in Python and/or C/C++ in a Linux/and or MacOS environment Solid foundation in 3D geometry, data structures and algorithms, and linear algebra Extensive knowledge of general computer vision and deep learning Solid understanding and experience of deep generative models Understanding of physics-based simulation methods Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills Description Apple makes the newest technologies accessible to create amazing user experiences. You will have the opportunity to work in a multi-functional team to develop tools and algorithms for human visualization. You will need a keen understanding and deep experience in 3D human development - photogrammetry, shading, rigging, simulation, ML, and pipelines. Your work will help synthetic human generation and the data will be essential to build advanced software solutions! Education & Experience PhD in Computer Science, Machine learning, Computer Vision, or related field or MS in related field
We are looking for Research Scientists with an Operations Research background to join the Core Data Science team. Core Data Science is an interdisciplinary team of quantitative scientists that aims to deliver research and innovation that fundamentally increase the magnitude of Facebook's successes. The ideal candidate will have extensive graduate training in Operations Research methods, and an interest in answering challenging, open-ended research questions with real-world impact. Expertise in one or more of the following fields is preferred: linear programming, non-linear programming, queueing systems, game theory, operations management, and stochastic modeling. Answer important product and business questions, by applying appropriate Operations Research methods. Identify new areas across the family of Facebook apps and products, where Operations Research methods can drive product improvements. Synthesize and apply relevant insights from the academic literature on Operations Research to Facebook’s products. Work both independently and collaboratively with other scientists, engineers, designers, UX researchers, and product managers to accomplish complex tasks that deliver demonstrable value to Facebook's community of over 2 billion users. Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a Ph.D. in Operations Research or a related field Experience with empirical research and for answering questions with data Experience communicating quantitative analysis Experience manipulating and analyzing data Knowledge of a data analysis tool such as R or Python, and experience with general-purpose programming languages Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
Biostatistician/Programmer/Data Scientist The Veteran Research and Education Foundation is looking for a strong motivated biostatistician/Programmer/Data Scientist to join our research team. The Biostatistician will primarily be responsible for designing studies, extracting and cleaning data, developing analysis plans, performing and interpreting statistical analyses, and contributing to research publications and presentations.Candidates should have a minimum of a Master’s degree in public health or equivalent field such as, biostatistics, statistics, epidemiology, or bioinformatics. Experience in academic research is preferred but not absolutely required. Salary and compensation commensurate with experience. This position is available as a full-time opportunity.U.S. Citizenship is required.KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS / ABILITIES:· Ability to conceptualize research questions and develop analytic approaches to address them.· Experience with survival modeling is required.· Experience with causal inference methodology is highly preferred.· Ability to design studies using observational real-world data· Experience with SAS, and R is required; experience with other programming languages is highly preferred· Experience managing or utilizing data warehouse and analyzing large healthcare databases. SQL experience is highly preferred.· Experience in developing manuscripts and grants is preferred.· Experience in data visualization software is highly desirable.· Ability to communicate technical results to both technical and non-technical audience (written and verbal)· Ability to work independently and within a team context· Ability to manage multiple projects with minimal supervision· Strong computer skills and ability to apply study-specific software· Strong organization skills and attention to detailMAJOR DUTIES:· Manage assigned research projects, including data acquisition, coordination of team meetings, and ensuring compliance with VA data and research regulations.· Perform statistical analyses for clinical research studies including study design, power analyses, statistical analyses, and interpretation of data.· Providing statistical analysis plans, including the definition of derived data sets and the design of statistical tables, figures, and data listings for clinical summary reports.· Carry out project related work in accordance with standard operating procedures and study specific procedures.· Write programs to analyze data as required.· Establish and maintain effective working relationships with team members including data management personnel, statistical programmers, and clinical research personnel.· Remains current on all required training.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $65,000.00 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Master's (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Data Engineering Lead  C2FO is working to deliver a future where every company in the world has the capital it needs to grow. Our technology provides an easy, low-cost way for businesses of all sizes to increase cash flow by receiving early invoice payments. Since 2008, C2FO’s online marketplace and innovative financial products have accelerated payments by more than one billion days for companies in over 180 countries.  Named one of Forbes’ “Fintech 50,” C2FO provides more than $1 billion in working capital each week for hundreds of thousands of businesses. C2FO has more than 400 employees worldwide, with headquarters in Kansas City and locations throughout Europe, Asia Pacific and Australia. For more information, visit www.C2FO.com.  Data is the lifeblood of any technology company. At C2FO, we are building a data platform to provide clean, trusted, low-latency data to stakeholders company-wide. We believe this platform will have a multiplicative impact, elevating the capabilities of engineering, sales, product, data science, business intelligence, and decision makers across the company.  They work with stakeholders across C2FO from engineering, product, data science, business intelligence and more to coordinate efforts on projects with wide-reaching impacts on the company. As a technical leader, they ensure they are tracking the team’s efficiency and quality of deliverables and regularly adjusting processes and timelines to ensure high-quality delivery.  We’re Looking for Someone Who Is:  Concerned with the success of their teammates as well as themself Respectful toward teammates of all ability levels Thorough and responsive in cross-team communication Willing to debate, determine the best solution, and move forward Always evaluating requests to understand the problem space and develop long-term solutions Vigilant in identifying tech debt and improving team processes Persistent in the face of roadblocks, dispatching them efficiently, and pulling in others as necessary Self-motivated and capable of working independently  Requirements:  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field (or equivalent experience) Experience managing two or more direct reports Proficiency in written and verbal communication in English Applicants must have the legal authority to work in the United States  Technologies We Use:  Apache Spark Apache Airflow Scala Python GitHub Data Build Tool (DBT) Amazon Redshift Postgres AWS GCP Docker Kubernetes  Experience with any of the above technologies is a plus, but not required. As a manager, you will not be expected to determine the technical direction of the team. You will be tasked with empowering your team to determine that direction.  Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion. Pollen, Inc. (C2FO) believes that unique backgrounds and individual voices strengthen our team, leading to the best ideas and discoveries for our innovative and growing company. At C2FO, we seek, encourage, and nurture diverse perspectives, and we welcome those of all backgrounds to help us change the way global businesses of all sixes gain access to working capital.  As an organization, we not only value diversity and equality, we cultivate teams that feel empowered to bring their authentic selves to work every day. We strive to create a workplace that reflects the communities we serve and our global, multicultural clients. We recognize the power of inclusion, emphasizing that each team member was chosen for their unique ability to contribute to the overall success of our mission.
POSTING TITLE: Machine Learning Labeling Consultant - 100% Remote  V-Soft Consulting has a client located in Chicago, Illinois is looking for a Machine Learning Labeling Consultant - 100% Remote  What we are looking for: Primary Accountabilities Labeling Strategy Development (30%) Works with data scientists and project managers to design and facilitate processes for generating labels for supervised machine learning models. Provides feedback on job designs, reflecting on annotators’ prior struggling points. Ensures results are available to data scientists, deciding on convenient methods of data transfer Annotation Coordinating (30%) Coordinates and onboards labelers. Train’s labelers in how to use the software and to answer consistently. Communicates with data scientists the progress of labeling jobs and, if appropriate, when label resources will become available. Annotation Progress Monitoring (25%) Actively monitors the progress of annotation jobs to ensure job completes in a timely fashion. Anticipates future time delays and proactively scheduling around them. Hand-labels images and/or text for model training data; either ad hoc or to finish a job close to completion. Domain Expert (15%) Keeps current on third-party offerings for machine learning labeling. Acts as a resource to data scientists on how to create labeling jobs in the labeling platform of choice. Organizational Competencies Achieve Results. Be Accountable. Maximize Customer Experience Job Specific Competencies Analytical Thinking: Uses a systematic approach to logically address workflows, problems, and situations. Strategic Thinking: Uses an understanding of competitive position to develop both short-and long-term strategy. Technical Expertise: Demonstrates a depth of knowledge, judgment and technical skills needed for the position. Education/Licenses/Designations Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Sciences or Engineering, or related field.  If you are at all interested in this type of role, please submit your resume to Ken Treinen @ ktreinen@vsoftconsulting.com as soon as possible. We look forward to hearing from you.
Duties Summary These positions are to be filled under the OPM Government-Wide Direct Hire Authority Certain STEM Positions for grades GS11-15. This serves as a public notice for the use of the Direct Hire Authority in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3327 and 3330 and 5 CFR 330. Under this recruitment procedure, applications will be accepted for each location/ installation identified in this Public Notice. There may or may not be actual/projected vacancies at the time you submit your application.  Responsibilities As a Mathematical Statistician you will: Advise program staff on developing methods and selecting techniques to conduct methodological research to improve sample surveys or experimental designs; to conduct evaluations of data collection, reduction, processing, protocol design, sample size, and analysis of methodologies and results. Design and develop mathematical statistical models, methods, and/or techniques such as sample and survey designs for related data collection. Monitors and maintains center standards regarding survey design and methodology. Provide technical advice to peers and senior managers within and outside of the organization on statistical methods and techniques. Prepare comprehensive reports of study results to include discussion of substantive research objectives. Identify specific statistical research areas that merit investigation, develops new hypotheses and approaches for studies and evaluates the feasibility of such endeavors.  Travel Required Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential None Job family (Series) 1529 Mathematical Statistics Similar jobs Statisticians Statisticians, Survey Survey Statisticians Requirements  Requirements Conditions of Employment Must be a U.S. Citizen or National. This employer participates in the e-Verify program. Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for Selective Service. Subject to satisfactory security and suitability requirements. May be required to successfully complete a probationary period. Positions are located agency-wide and may be filled as permanent, term, or temporary with a full-time or part-time work schedule. Pay will vary by geographic location. Appointments made with this authority will be processed as a new appointment into the Civil Service. The vacancies filled through these appointments have varying levels of background investigative requirements, up to?a Top Secret -?DOE "Q" clearance. Qualifications You must meet the Basic Requirement and "Specialized Experience" to qualify for this series as described below.  SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: A qualified candidate's online application and resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position is defined as: For the GS-11, you must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-09 grade level in the Federal service. Experience includes conducting energy studies and developing mathematical methods and techniques; developing mathematical/statistical techniques, approaches and methodologies to analyze energy and commodity markets; and reviewing data operations to assure compliance with specifications, agreements and laws in the use of energy supply and demand data collection programs. OR  3 years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph.D. degree or Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree. GS-12: You must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-11 grade level in the Federal service. Experience includes applying advanced statistical techniques to experimental design, data analysis, sampling, forecasting, quality control, and operations research; developing and/or presenting professional papers or reports on statistical studies or surveys; providing technical assistance on complex statistical analyses; serving as a technical advisor on various statistical analyses and methods; planning and executing a variety of projects and developing recommendations requiring technical and administrative judgment; developing listing and mapping applications, and developing collection methodology; and/or experience writing procedures for automated or computer-assisted statistical operations. NOTE: There is no substitution of education for specialized experience at the GS-12 level. GS-13: You must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service. Experience includes applying advanced statistical techniques to experimental design, data analysis, sampling, forecasting, quality control, and operations research; developing and/or presenting professional papers or reports on statistical studies or surveys; providing technical expertise to support complex statistical analyses and methods; planning and executing a variety of complex projects and developing recommendations requiring technical and administrative judgment; developing listing and mapping applications, and developing collection methodology; and/or experience writing and auditing procedures for automated or computer-assisted statistical operations. NOTE: There is no substitution of education for specialized experience at the GS-13 level. GS-14: You must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service. Experience includes applying advanced statistical techniques to experimental design, data analysis, sampling, forecasting, quality control, and operations research; developing and/or presenting professional papers or reports on statistical studies or surveys; provide technical expertise to support complex statistical analyses; serve as a technical expert on various statistical analyses and methods; plan and execute a variety of complex projects and develop recommendations requiring technical and administrative judgment; experience with a Systems Development Lifecycle; developing listing and mapping applications, and developing collection methodology; and/or experience writing, auditing, and identifying new procedures for automated or computer-assisted statistical survey operations. NOTE: There is no substitution of education for specialized experience at the GS-14 level. GS-15: You must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-14 grade level in the Federal service. Experience includes serving as a consultant and senior advisor in applying advanced statistical techniques to experimental design, data analysis, sampling, forecasting, quality control, and operations research to resolve novel or obscure problems; developing and/or presenting professional papers or reports on statistical studies or surveys; utilizing advanced statistical methodologies, procedures, or programs for complex statistical analyses and methods; plan and execute a variety of complex projects and develop recommendations requiring technical and authoritative judgment; an authoritative expert with a Systems Development Lifecycle; developing listing and mapping applications, and utilizing innovative collection methodology; and/or establishing innovative writing and auditing procedures for automated or computer-assisted statistical survey operations. NOTE: There is no substitution of education for specialized experience at the GS-15 level. "Experience" refers to paid and unpaid experience. Examples of qualifying unpaid experience may include: volunteer work done through National Service programs (such as Peace Corps and AmeriCorps); as well as work for other community-based philanthropic and social organizations. Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills; and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. OPM Qualification Standards for the GS-1529 series can be found at the following website: OPM Qualification Standard for the GS-1529 Series  CTAP/ICTAP candidates: To be considered "well qualified" you must meet all of the requirements as described in this section.   This public notice may be used to fill multiple positions as needed; therefore, applicants must meet the qualifications at the time the applications are reviewed. Education Basic Requirements: Degree: that included 24 semester hours of mathematics and statistics, of which at least 12 semester hours were in mathematics and 6 semester hours were in statistics. or Combination of education and experience - at least 24 semester hours of mathematics and statistics, including at least 12 hours in mathematics and 6 hours in statistics, as shown in A above, plus appropriate experience or additional education.  Therefore, you MUST provide documentation supporting any education claims in your application. This documentation can include unofficial transcripts or any report listing institution, course title, credits earned and final grade. For specific education requirements, please see the Education Requirements.  If selected, official transcripts may be requested. This position has a positive education requirement. Additional information The U.S. Department of Energy fosters a diverse and inclusive workplace and is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional similar vacancies across DOE. For general information on government-wide Telework polices visit: www.telework.gov Status and Non-Status applicants from outside DOE selected under this authority are required to serve a mandatory one (1) year probationary period. A DOE career status employee selected for this position may be required to serve a new one (1) year probationary period, pursuant to 5 CFR 315.802. If you believe that you are eligible for the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP), please visit the OPM ICTAP/CTAP website for more information. In order to be considered under the ICTAP program, your application must score within the pre-established "well qualified" category as stated in the Qualifications section. This public notice is to gather applications that may or may not result in a referral or selection. More than one selection may be made under this hiring authority. Some positions may require completion of a probationary period of up to 1 (one) year. Many positions require successful completion of a background investigation. Positions may be filled at varying levels of leadership, ie Team Lead, Manager, Supervisor. Supervisory positions may require a 1-year probationary period, if not yet completed. New employees to the Department of Energy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify Veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. For more information, please visit the links at the bottom of this page or visit the FedsHireVets website. All males born after December 31st 1959 must abide by laws regarding Selective Service registration. To learn more about this law, visit the Selective Service web page, Who Must Register. If you are not registered and don't have an approved exemption, you will not be eligible for employment with the Federal government. EEO Policy: https://help.usajobs.gov/index.php/EEO_Policy_Statement Reasonable Accommodation Policy: https://help.usajobs.gov/index.php/Reasonable_Accommodation_Policy_Statement  Veterans Information: https://help.usajobs.gov/index.php/Veterans_Information  Selective Service Registration: http://www.sss.gov/   How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.  This position is announced under a government-wide Direct Hire Authority (DHA) for STEM positions in the GS- 1529 series. Under this Direct-Hire authority, applicants are required to meet minimum qualification requirements at the grade level(s) of interest. Veteran's Preference, Schedule A, Category Rating, and other methods of consideration DO NOT APPLY under Direct-Hire Authority regulations.  Appointments made under this authority will be processed as new appointments to the Civil Service. Current Civil Service employees would, therefore, be given new appointments to the Civil Service. Current Federal employees may be required to serve a new probationary period (5 CFR 315.802(b).   If your resume is incomplete or does not support the responses you provided in your online questionnaire, or if you fail to submit all required documentation before the vacancy closes, you may be rated 'ineligible', 'not qualified', or your score may be adjusted accordingly.  Successful candidates will possess the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics): Attention to Detail Conscientiousness Mathematical Reasoning Technical Competence  You must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date (09/30/2021) of this announcement.  To preview the Assessment Questionnaire, clickhttps://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11132378.  Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Other Drug test required No Position sensitivity and risk Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk Trust determination process Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness Required Documents  Required Documents To apply for this position, you MUST provide a complete application package which includes:  Your RESUME showing all relevant work experience (paid and unpaid) including: duties performed; full name and address of the each employer; start and end dates (month/day/year); work schedule (part-time, full-time, number of hours if intermittent); salary; and any completed education and training (program title, subject area, number of hours completed, and completion date). Cover Letter, optional, expressing additional information not covered in your resume. Transcripts, if specific educational requirements are indicated in this job announcement. Unofficial transcripts or any report listing institution, course title, credits earned (semester or quarter hour) and final grade is acceptable. It is your responsibility to provide adequate proof that you meet the educational requirements. Veterans' Preference documentation,if applicable, DD-214 Member Copy 4 showing type of discharge/character of service; current active duty members- certification of expected discharge or release from active duty under honorable conditions dated within 120 days; SF-15 Form and related documentation; VA letter. For more information visit the USAJOBS Help Center & OPM CHCOC website for VOW information. Career Transition Assistance Program/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program documentation, if applicable(e.g., Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed Removal; SF-50 that documents the RIF separation action; and most recent performance appraisal.) For more information see the OPM Guide to Career Transition. Failure to submit any of the above mentioned required documents may result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted. If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits  Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL) Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee. The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency U.S. Citizens This direct hire public notice is to gather applications that may or may not result in a referral or selection.
What do incubators and Spectrum have in common? Well, they’re great for growth, and even better for stability. As an innovative software development and digital marketing company pioneering the field of artificial intelligence, we can offer our newest Data Engineer the best of both words – a high energy, forward-thinking start-up culture, inside of a well-established, profitable, and stable structure . if you’re interested in getting your hands dirty and inciting change into a larger organization with a vision to change the world uses data today, then please read on.  Responsibilities • Design, build and maintain both new and existing data infrastructures using tools including (but not limited to) Microsoft SQL Server, Azure Tables, Azure Blobs, and Azure Cosmos • Determine the right database system for a provided data set • Drafting database/table schemas • Properly index tables when applicable to ensure query performance • Create data pipelines for transforming new datasets into consistent, reliable data systems that are usable across multiple platforms • Identify optimizations and improvements in existing data pipelines • Create solutions for data validation to ensure data integrity, accuracy, and consistency • Ensure data is readily available for analysis and development usage • Shifting existing big data pipelines • Come up with data validation solutions for both initial data imports as well as results • Audit the automation process to make sure there are no gaps, redundancies, or faults in the data pipeline that would cause damage to data integrity • If necessary, come up with entirely new solutions for these automation processes • Integrating new data sets • Identifying the right database systems/tools for the job, exploring new ones if seen fit • Involvement in drafting technical documentation • Database/Table Schemas • Pipeline mapping • Detailing information on import and update processes • Table Indexing • Develop automation for importing and updating data from the data source • Validation processes • Beyond working with state of the art technology you will have many different fantastic projects to work on as a Data Engineer at Spectrum. Here are just a few different responsibilities you can expect off the bat:  Planning query efficient data store schemas with respect to the data requirements of our internal data warehouse Communicate with data scientists and other software engineers to build proper data pipelines for efficient and cost-effective querying Develop, construct, test, and maintain architectures with the help and feedback of software engineers Determine and implement proper data schemas that align with Spectrum’s and Spectrum’s client’s business objectives Recommend and implement ways to optimize data reliability, efficiency, and quality Consult and suggest different technologies for our team to test and utilize together Incorporate the business objectives of key stakeholders in the architecture of our data warehouse Research new and interesting data acquisition opportunities  Some Characteristics That Define You  We understand that as a Data Engineer for Spectrum, you have many different professional goals and personal interests. As such here are just a few different things that typically define our team members on the Data Science team:  Self-Starter. Building a data warehouse is no simple task. You will need to come in with a self-starter attitude to not only make this data engineering role what you want it to be, but make a stellar and efficient data warehouse while you’re at it. Analytical. In order to solve problems and build innovative new digital marketing campaigns, it is essential that you know how to take an idea and analyze it from all of its angles. Developer. In the ever changing world of artificial intelligence, it’s not enough just to build models. You bring to the table an eye for data patterns along with a knack for relational database engineering. Patient. As a data engineer, you know that you work with extremely large data sets on a daily basis. As such we are looking for someone who is not only meticulous, but patient enough to sit and sift through that data in a thorough way. Creative. Beyond just analyzing data sets, you are an explorer and a puzzle solver. Pulling insights out of your data and understanding how those insights can better shape our tools is something that you live to do. Student. More so than most industries, the field of data science is always changing and evolving. As such, you are always looking to learn new things and gain new skills.  Required Skills and Experience  On top of the many intangible skills you bring to the table, there are many skills that can help improve the efficiencies and success of your work at Spectrum. Here are a few of those required skills and experience that you will come in with as a Data Engineer on our team:  A bachelor’s degree/pursuing a bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, information systems, or a related field Experience with statistical modeling 1-3 years working experience with Python and/or SAS languages 1-3 years working experience with SQL databases and database querying languages 1-3 years working experience with C#/.NET Familiarity with Microsoft Azure Familiarity with Graph database structures Experience with both RDBMS and TDMS Experience with data mining and data cleaning Experience with data visualization and reporting techniques Written and verbal expression  Benefits  As a Data Engineer at Spectrum there are a ton of fantastic perks and benefits that come along with your work. Here are just a few of the benefits you can expect when joining the Spectrum family:  Comprehensive medical & dental insurance Retirement planning & company matching Generous PTO, including sick days & holidays A state-of-the-art office environment Nintendo Switch in-office gaming such as FIFA, Arms, Mario Kart, and Rocket League Year-round gym memberships Paid continuing education Casual dress code Hybrid work from Home , meetings a few times a month to strategize new projects About Us  Our mission at Spectrum has always been the same— growth. Whether that be helping our customers find quality new business, developing and challenging our team members, or evolving our products and services with advancements in technology and best practices, we have always been looking towards bettering ourselves for the future. Now as we continue to grow, we find ourselves as not only the nation’s leading digital marketing and software provider for the home services industry, but an innovator and ground-shaker for the world of artificial intelligence as well. From marketing automation software powered by AI, to top notch digital marketing services via those same AI insights, we love what we do and are excited to continue to innovate for the future together. INDSPCI
Showtime Networks Inc. (SNI) owns and operates the premium television networks SHOWTIME®, THE MOVIE CHANNEL™ and FLIX®, and also offers SHOWTIME ON DEMAND®, THE MOVIE CHANNEL™ ON DEMAND and FLIX ON DEMAND®, and the network's authentication service SHOWTIME ANYTIME®. Showtime Digital Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of SNI, operates the stand-alone streaming service SHOWTIME®. SHOWTIME is currently available to subscribers via cable, DBS, and telco providers, and as a stand-alone streaming service through Amazon, Apple®, Google, LG Smart TVs, Oculus Go, Roku®, Samsung Smart TVs and Xbox One.  Overview & Responsibilities: We are seeking an Analytics Engineer to join the growing Data Science team at Showtime! This role will report to the Senior Data Scientist and will work alongside members of Analytics & Insights, Consumer Insights, Programming Research, Finance, Consumer and Digital Marketing, Sales, and Product teams. The Data Science team focuses on transformative analytics that create meaningful data products and consumer insights that support data-directed decision making in every corner of our business. About You: You LOVE data: you love exploring the nuances of data, you love developing efficient data-pipelines, and, most importantly, you love communicating data. We are looking for an individual who has past experience crafting and maintaining data-pipelines and deploying dashboards.  100% Remote Opportunity.  Responsibilities Build and maintain ‘production-grade’ analysis pipelines that culminate in dashboards Build useful, intuitive, and beautiful Tableau dashboards Work with key partners throughout the company and larger corporation to understand their analytics needs and translate these needs into reliable data solutions Clearly communicate critical metrics to key partners and data professionals throughout Showtime and the larger Viacom-CBS corporation Develop deep knowledge about our data pipelines such that you can communicate the ‘who, what, where, when, how, & why’ of our data Write reliable, testable, efficient, clean, and well-documented code  Basic Qualifications: 3+ years of hands-on experience developing data-pipelines with SQL or Python 1+ years of hands-on experience building dashboards Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Additional Qualifications: Deep experience writing code as part of a team (Git) Experience with media or subscription businesses Experience with distributed computing (PySpark, Databricks) Experience with Apache Airflow Experience with cloud deployments (AWS)  ViacomCBS is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet.  At ViacomCBS, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. ViacomCBS is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status.  If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.viacomcbs.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to viacomaccommodations@viacom.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.
Summary Posted: Jul 27, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200226794 Do you want to be a part of the next big revolution in human‐computer interaction? The team is seeking a bright and energetic Integration Engineer to join the Siri Software Engineering team in a screener/integrator capacity. This position involves a combination of technical troubleshooting, clear communication and meticulous organization skills. We need a team player — you will be collaborating with engineers in several technical areas who have created the entire range of Siri's capabilities. We also need someone who is comfortable working in a fast-paced environment with rapidly changing priorities. Key Qualifications Ability to understand large scale software & system architecture. Proficient experience with programming languages and logic Able to communicate technical issues with technical & non-technical folks alike. Description * Triage & prioritize incoming feature enhancements and functionality regressions that may arise, ensuring that the tickets are appropriately categorized. • Perform initial issue investigation, with the ability to clearly summarize findings. • Improve logging and documentation for codebase. * Test pre-submission engineering changes, including writing and managing automated testing. * Participate in engineering design and feature discussions. Education & Experience B.S/B.E in Engineering or equivalent Additional Requirements Experience in developing tools for issue tracking automation. Scripting languages such as Python, bash.
Who we are Olink Proteomics is a rapidly growing Life Science Company committed to improve the treatment of diseases and global health through enabling protein biomarker discovery and development. Owning the leading and most exciting technologies in the market and a product portfolio for protein biomarker discovery and development we serve and support our customers through innovation, quality, rigor and transparency with the mission to drive precision medicine. In seven years, we have analysed close to two million samples and generated more than 170 million data points for hundreds of customers from both research institutes and pharmaceutical companies around the world. Olink now enables researchers to bring our platform into their labs and provides the requisite training to ensure success. In addition, we continue to offer services through our labs in Uppsala, Sweden and Watertown, MA. Position Description The role as Head of Data Science will be to lead the Data Science team in Boston ensuring customer projects run smoothly and on time. Maintaining and improving work processes and structures for customer projects will be key to the success of this role. You will be working to recruit and onboard new team members to DS in Boston. Primary Responsibilities  Plan and prioritize customer projects to deliver according to agreed TAT Coordinate and facilitate communication with other departments to assure availability, accuracy, and timeliness of data and information needed for customer projects Work to ensure high quality on all aspects of the data analysis work Maintain, develop and enforce processes and structures for customer projects Support the BDM team, and other departments, with data analysis expertise and impact Support the team’s goal of improving data delivery, analysis pipelines, and reporting in customer projects Contribute to team effort by analysing data in customer project and support projects as needed Contribute to analysis in internal projects run at AS Boston as part of product development Recruit and train new team members of the DS team Have one-on-one calls with the team members focusing on performance and work environment Represent NA Data Science in management team meetings and distil relevant info to team Responsible for budget, FTE forecasting, personnel, yearly goals for the team, strategic work  Qualifications/Skills  MSc (or PhD) in Statistics, Bioinformatics, Biostatistics, Computer Science or similar, with relevant experience of advanced data analysis and statistics. Experience of management is a strong benefit Demonstrated strong ability to work across different teams and disciplines The ability to engage and influence customers and explain statistical and analytical techniques and considerations to non-technical peers Strong programming skills in R. Knowledge in RMarkdown and Git is an advantage Experience in applying statistical methods in medical or biological research, especially with data from high throughput technologies in proteomics and genomics Strong analytical mind and an interest in modern statistical and data analysis methods, for example machine learning Demonstrated strong communication skills, both oral and written Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize multiple tasks and work in an agile and rapid changing environment with high quality deliverables Interest in developing individuals, teams and processes Ability to listen, to motivate and to empower employees
Principal Data Scientist Health Company $160,000 - $180,000 plus bonus and equity Boston, Massachusetts This role is for Data Scientists with experience leading teams in the health space. The company is trying to revolutionize the payment and delivery of care in the health space. They are doing this through a model they have created on their platform and enabled through a growing national network of like-minded physician partners. THE COMPANY This amazing health company is transforming healthcare by allowing physicians to innovate the payment and delivery of care to seniors. They are helping to move away from the transactional fee-for-service reimbursement model. This will allow the care to serve the individual needs of patients and a transition to a sustainable and predictable business model. RESPONSIBILITIES Lead multiple scrum teams to deliver innovative Machine Learning solutions in the healthcare space. Keep up to date, latest developments in the Machine Learning space and incorporate these in our best practices. Help define the data science development workflows from coding and architecture best practices, data strategy, to Machine Learning training and inference platforms. Work closely with internal and external stakeholders, both technical and non-technical, and help translate deep Machine Learning knowledge to stakeholders. Work closely with the Machine Learning engineering/Infrastructure team to help define the vision of Machine Learning training and Machine Learning inference platforms running on the Cloud. Mentor and grow junior data scientists in the team on both data science modeling and software engineering skills. Help in continuing to build out and expand the Data Science and Machine Learning Engineering teams SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Master's required, Ph.D. preferred in relevant fields. Experience in Machine Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, etc. Strong experience in both classical Machine Learning modeling approaches and Deep Learning-based model approaches Deep NLP knowledge and AWS experience is preferred. Strong proficiency in Python Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to evaluate new Machine learning opportunities. BENEFITS There is the potential for a bonus and equity. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your CV via the Apply link on this page. KEY TERMS Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, AWS, TensorFlow, Leadership,
TIP Strategies seeks qualified candidates for an economic development analyst to serve on its data analytics team. The successful candidate will be responsible for the development and integration of dynamic data tools and visualizations into interactive online or software environments; the collection, cleaning, and processing of large datasets using programming and statistical tools; and the analysis and manipulation of geospatial data across multiple platforms. The successful candidate must have a passion for urban analysis and economic development policy. The position may require infrequent travel. Candidates are not required to be based in Austin, Texas.Desired Skills and ExperienceDemonstrated understanding of how national/global trends impact economic development at the local/regional level.Demonstrated ability to understand, visualize, and summarize in-depth socio-economic data with accuracy and precision.Excellent written and analytical skills. (Verbal communication and presentation skills a plus)Aptitude for writing in depth and at a summary level.Meticulous dedication to documenting sources, processes, and methodologies.Ability to manage priorities effectively and independently to meet project milestones in a timely manner.Fluency in a combination of programming tools, including R language, Python, JavaScript, SQL, and APIs.Fluency in a combination of geospatial and data visualization tools, including Tableau, ESRI ArcGIS, R language, and QGIS.Fluency in MS Office Suite—including Word, PowerPoint, and (especially) Excel.Proficiency with survey, database, and statistical software preferred.Proficiency with classification and coding systems for industries (NAICS, GICS, SIC, ISIC), occupations (SOC, ONET), education (CIP), and geography (ANSI/FIPS, ISO 3166).A minimum of a bachelor’s degree in geography, data science, statistics, mathematics, urban planning, regional economics, civil engineering, or other closely related technical field. (Master’s preferred)Because technical, analytical, and written skills are crucial to this position, candidates may be asked to demonstrate these abilities in exercises or tasks as part of the interview process.TIP Strategies offers a competitive benefits package including paid time off; profit sharing; matching 401(k); medical, dental, and vision insurance; short- and long-term disability; life insurance; and professional development.To apply, please submit a COVER LETTER and RESUME.About TIP StrategiesTIP STRATEGIES, INC. (TIP) is a privately held Austin-based firm providing consulting and advisory services to public and private sector clients. Established in 1995, the firm’s core competency is strategic planning for economic development. Our work has broadened to include expertise in talent strategies, organizational development, and social equity.TIP Strategies, Inc., is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, ancestry, national origin, place of birth, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, genetic characteristics, or disability unrelated to job performance.Job Type: Full-timePay: $42,000.00 - $48,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payCOVID-19 considerations:Our headquarters is in Austin, TX but we are all working from home. We do not expect to be back in the office until a vaccine is widely distributed and people feel safe.Work Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes
Summary Posted: Jul 19, 2021 Role Number:200266494 At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. If you are an ambitious, high-energy individual who is not afraid of challenges, we’re looking for you. Apple is seeking a specialist Data Scientist to join a team passionate about Data Science & Analytics for the Apple App Store and understanding search and discovery. This role will involve working with Internet-scale search data on the App Store, undertaking in-depth quantitative analysis and building machine learning models to drive product and strategy. The team’s culture centers around rapid iteration with open feedback and debate along the way, plus strong collaboration with product, engineering, business, and marketing partners. Key Qualifications Demonstrated ability in a Data Scientist or Data Analyst role, preferably from a role passionate about search and discovery. Domain knowledge in music, mobile apps, or video content is a plus. Strong proficiency with SQL-based languages. Experience with large scale analytics technologies such as Hadoop and Spark preferred. Experience with Python, R or comparable language. Familiarity with data visualization tools (such as Tableau) for full-stack data analysis, insight synthesis and presentation. Experience using relevant statistical and machine learning methods for building predictive models and knowledge of A/B test experimentation design and analysis. Curious business attitude with an ability to condense complex concepts and analysis into clear and concise takeaways that drive action. Excellent communication, social and presentation skills with meticulous attention to detail. Strong leadership skills with the ability to handle work to tight deadlines and the pressure of executive requests. Description Dive deep into large-scale data to uncover trends and identify key insights that will drive App Store product and design strategy. Craft how best to monitor, measure and understand product and business performance around search and discovery. Collaborate with business, marketing, finance and executive teams to generate regular presentations for C-level. Partner with other Apple organizations on data gathering, data governance, evangelizing key performance indicators and democratizing data. Your creative skills will be utilized daily Education & Experience Minimum of a Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics or related field. Ideally, Masters or PhD in related field
Posting Duration  This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.  What Your Job Will Be Like  We are seeking a dedicated and results-oriented R&D Mathematics Statistician for our Statistical Sciences department to perform statistical analysis and methodology development. The successful applicant will collaborate with principal investigators and consultants in wide ranging activities that extend across and outside the Laboratories, by guiding statistical expertise and support to all of Sandia mission areas. Activities will include project participation, applied research and development, instructing, and publishing. On any given day, you may be called on to: Perform as part of a technical team conducting creative statistical research Collaborate on interdisciplinary teams to provide statistical expertise on data collection and analysis, methodology development, and applied statistical research Develop advanced research ideas and craft those into original research proposals Publish outstanding new developments in peer-reviewed journals and present results at conference meetings Qualifications We Require  Master's Degree in Statistics or closely related field plus 1 year related experience OR Bachelor's Degree in stated field plus 5 years' related experience Ability to obtain a DOE Q clearance Qualifications We Desire  Proficiency with varied communication methods, including oral presentation, preparation of high-impact visual presentations, written reports, and the ability to clearly and concisely communicate Experience learning or working in an interdisciplinary environment Experience acquiring, preparing, and analyzing real world data About Our Team  We provide innovative statistical solutions to help tackle the most complicated national security problems and are leaders in the advancement of statistical techniques for national defense applications. Through research, collaboration, and education we inform the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data to help Sandia execute its missions. We develop and deploy statistical algorithms to significantly improve national security capabilities. Areas of emphasis include probabilistic modeling and computer simulation, Bayesian statistics, spatial data analysis, functional data analysis, machine learning, reliability and maintainability analysis, and uncertainty analysis.  About Sandia  Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs: Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwideExtraordinary co-workersSome of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the worldCareer advancement and enrichment opportunitiesFlexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance* World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov These benefits vary by job classification.  Security Clearance  Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted. Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.  EEO  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
Machine Learning Engineer If you are a Machine Learning Engineer with experience, please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Recognized industry leader! 2. Competitive base salary and benefits! 3. Opportunity for professional growth! What You Will Be DoingMachine Learning research/implementation for AI and Natural Language Processing applicationsEvaluate/integrate/deploy models Develop NLP systems/ML pipelines Work closely with our Data Scientists and Engineers to build/deploy models What You Need for this PositionCoding/programming experience with 1 or more languageExperience & knowledge of data models, structure, and architectureMachine Learning statistics, NLP, techniquesMachine Learning framework and library experience (preferably with TensorFlow and/or ScikitSQLDjango Nice to have: NLP framework experienceNLP techniquesBig Data knowledge (Hadoop, Spark, Map Reduce) What's In It for You For your hard work and dedication, you will be rewarded with a competitive base salary, and benefits including but not limited to: Competitive Base Salary (Up to $115k base DOE)401KEQUITYVacation/PTOPaid HolidaysMedical/Dental/Vision So, if you are a Machine Learning Engineer with experience, please apply today!Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Summary Posted: Jul 15, 2021 Role Number:200219764 Want to join the team building an intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done? You will be part of a cross-functional team consisting of software engineers and data scientist building tools to enable research and deliver machine learned models to millions of users worldwide. Key Qualifications Experience with large distributed systems (Hadoop, K8s) Familiarity with large-scale data processing and distributed systems Strong coding skills in Python, C/C++, or Java Experience with software engineering best practices Knowledge of Machine Learning concepts and toolkits (TensorFlow, PyTorch) Hard working and detail oriented individual who will have a profound impact in making Siri better every single day Description You will be a part of a team that's responsible for a wide variety of speech-related development activities, including acoustic modeling, language modeling and tools development. Our speech recognition research is typically data driven, and we are particularly passionate about unsupervised techniques to leverage large quantities of data. You should be passionate about building phenomenal products. Because you'll be working closely with researchers and engineers from a number of other teams at Apple, you’re a standout colleague who thrives in a multifaceted environment with rapidly changing priorities. Education & Experience BS, MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent degree with applicable experience
Are you looking forward to a career in finance? At Microsoft you will have the opportunity to partner with and learn from the best while building career-enhancing skills as you explore the many facets of finance operations at a Fortune 100 company.Our Finance Rotation Program Analysts participate in a two-year program consisting of four, six-month rotations that helps build the future finance leaders of Microsoft and give analysts a strong foundation in the business world.  Microsoft’s Finance Rotation Program incubates future business leaders through exposure to our two-year program consisting of four six-month rotations that build intellectual horsepower, drive for results, and self-awareness. Rotations enable analysts to build competencies across a spectrum of subjects including foundational learning, risk assessment, modeling, business processes, data analysis, and an understanding of Microsoft as a corporation.  Through on-the-job learning, learning from others, and formal learning, the Finance Rotation Program offers participants the opportunity to explore a diverse set of organizations, experiences, skills, and competencies that will hone their financial and business acumen while accelerating their careers. After completing the two-year program, analysts graduate and move into a permanent role within the finance organization. Responsibilities While rotations differ from one to another, each rotation allows analysts to build business partnership, business acumen, and personal leadership skills through a variety of opportunities. With progression into subsequent rotations, analysts will strengthen their skills and knowledge and continue acquiring new and more complex proficiencies. Upon completion of the four rotations, the analyst will have accelerated their professional growth and developed a very strong network across the company.  Opportunities may include:  Learning about the various financial cycles as well as the precision and application of Profit & Loss to Microsoft decisions and analysis.  Developing data modeling skills by managing and manipulating complex data.  Gaining an understanding around the focus and strategies of finance leaders, comprehend methods and practices in making executive decisions and further build on advanced modeling skills.  Identifying the level of risk to both segments of the company andMicrosoft as a corporation. Responsibilities include identifying root causes of risks and analyzing business processes and execution plans to provide a framework for improvement. You will also learnrelationships and responsibilities of Microsoft’s worldwide subsidiaries, operating centers, and/or corporate entities through on-site engagements,while understanding how to effectively gather information and communicate complex findings. Qualifications Currently pursuing or have completed a bachelor's degree in finance, accounting, economics, or business At least one year of classroom and/or finance internship work experience in financial risk analysis with demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills Strong competency in MS Office, especially in Excel including pivot tables; certifications or relevant coursework preferred Power BI /Tableau or other data visualization experience preferred SQL/R/Python or other programming/data science experience preferred Proven ability, experience, and overall understanding of fundamental finance and accounting acumen including data modeling, data analytics, FP&A, forecasting, interpreting financial statements, and reporting Capable of working with high degree of ambiguity in a fast-paced environment Demonstrated ability to work both independently and collaboratively with multiple business partners and teams Strong attention to detail and accuracy Visit our Careers FAQ Page to learn more about the interview process and answers to commonly asked questions. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Summary Posted: May 19, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200246396 Research in Natural Language, Computer Vision and Machine Learning has already made a deep impact in Apple’s front-line products, such as Siri. Research Scientists at Siri are taking this a step further by making Siri more aware of its digital and physical environment, redefining artificial intelligence, and creating groundbreaking technology for natural language processing, computer vision, machine learning, and large scale systems. Come join the Siri’s Natural Language team, and work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Key Qualifications Expertise and experience in various facets of machine learning, computer vision and natural language processing, such as deep learning, unsupervised/semi supervised learning, feature engineering and object detection Programming experience in one or more of the following: Swift, C++, Python or equivalent Familiar with one or more deep learning libraries, like PyTorch or TensorFlow Strong academic and publication record and Contributions to research communities in CV and/or NLP, e.g. ACL, NIPS, ICML, CVPR, EMNLP etc. Hardworking, self-starter, shown ability to manage numerous projects to strict deadlines. Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to get along with all levels of engineers Description The goal of Siri’s Natural Language team is to take Apple’s voice assistant to the next level of intelligence and accuracy using advanced machine learning techniques. From improving core modeling algorithms to creating experiments and implementing prototypes rapidly, you would work on newer challenges every day, specifically focussing on the grounding of Natural Language Understanding in Visual Context. You would also work on building scalable distributed systems to deliver these models to Siri’s users. This position involves a wide variety of skills and innovation, and is a rare opportunity that sits at the cutting-edge of machine learning and software engineering. Ultimately, your work would have a huge impact on hundreds of millions of users across the globe. Education & Experience Masters or PhD in Computer Science with a specialization in CV or NLP
Innovate, Break, Build and Teach!! Lead, collaborate and join integrated teams that apply advanced methods, theories, and research techniques in the investigation and solution development of complex data analysis problems. As a data scientist, you will help teams’ advance complex analysis, design, development, and testing of scalable end-to-end data pipelines from prototype to production, that include data analysis, visualization, and machine learning. At BlueHalo, you will embark on a journey of exciting, impactful & highly technical work with good people that treat you like family. Be the most trusted, mission-enabling provider of technology and development protecting our way of life. We are looking for junior, mid-level or senior-level data scientists with the following: Demonstrated software development experience with Python in a Unix environment. Practical knowledge in Python Machine Learning and Data Visualization Practical knowledge in Data ETL such as working with: Data loading from SQL, CSV, JSON, Excel, etc., Web scraping (Beautiful Soup, Scrapy, etc.) and Data Wrangling/Cleaning Experience using the Unix command line. Proficiency in statistical packages using any of the following: Python, R, STATA, SPSS, etc. TS/SCI w/Poly Candidate may have some practical knowledge in these skill sets (not required, but helpful): Using the Atlassian Tool Suite. Continuous integration /continuous delivery (CI/CD) Working knowledge with other object-oriented programming languages such as Java or C++ Working knowledge with Front-end data visualization libraries (i.e., D3.js; Raphael.js, etc.) Experience with development of any of the following; Hadoop, Pig, MapReduce, or HDFS Requirements: TS/SCI with a Polygraph Looking for junior, mid and senior-level data scientists The benefits: Rewarding your hard work: Referrals, sign on, profit sharing, quarterly awards… need we go on? Generous training budget: Designed by you. PTO that has your back: For the families and the unbounded adventures, from furloughs to inclement weather, we are there. Top notch health care and 401k package: If these drive you, this is your stop. Something always going on: Team lunches, happy hours, fantasy leagues, game nights, homebrew competitions and monthly family events. We support innovation: Got an idea? Want to learn something new? Whatever it is we will help see it through. About BlueHalo BlueHalo is leading the transformation of modern warfare by inspiring engineering to develop, transition, and field next-generation capabilities to solve the most complex challenges of our customers' most critical missions. We are an end-to-end lifecycle partner, purpose-built to make weapon systems more effective, cyberspace safer, and national security more certain. We provide industry-leading capabilities in Space Superiority, Directed Energy, Air and Missile Defense and Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR), and Cyber and Intelligence mission solutions.  The BlueHalo effect speaks to who we are as a company, a global protective ring that shields everything we most want to safeguard, an unbroken line that ensures our customers retain the advantage in any battlespace, from high above the Earth to deep in cyberspace. It's who are, a halo, a protector, the light of inspired engineering keeping our Nation safe. Our vision is a world where national security is certain because technical superiority is assured.  BlueHalo is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Data Scientist This position is part of the heritage Fortego Business sector and will have benefits that correlate with this business sector.
As a Data Analyst at Scorpion, you’ll work with our growing data science team to develop and evaluate modeling products for Scorpion and its clients. This role entails improving their accuracy and scalability of existing models and defined data problems.In order to be successful in this role, you need to be an analytical thinker who is able to tackle new data challenges and assist in evaluating data projects both in the discovery phase and post-deployment. You will think creatively about complex data problems and how to translate your discoveries to technical and non-technical audiences.Responsibilities: Analyze the performance of existing models as they have been experienced by our clients.Interrogate data to discover answers to complex questions related to advertising and business in order to assist in new model creation and iterate on existing models.Assist in the documentation efforts for data science projects and findings.Assist in the presentation of data science models and findings internally to other Scorpions.Collaborate with data scientists at the onset of new projects to generate ideas and propose ways of solving existing business problems.Qualifications: STEM bachelors' degree required.Advanced abilities in Excel.Beginner Python for data analysis and visualization.Beginner abilities in SQL.Strong verbal and written communication skills.Strong analytical skills.Statistics expertise (A/B Testing, experiment design, Bayesian methods, etc.).Preferred Qualifications: Beginner Python for data analysis and visualization.Statistics expertise (A/B Testing, experiment design, Bayesian methods, etc.Tableau experience.Plotly experience.Job Type: Full-time
About Tradeswell:  Tradeswell is the operating system for real-time commerce. We're on a mission to democratize ecommerce intelligence and empower growth for brands by making ecommerce actions more informed, more coordinated, and more profitable. We use AI to create insights and make real-time optimization decisions across the entire ecommerce value chain. We put the power of data science at the fingertips of our customers, empowering their decision-making and giving them unprecedented control.  The opportunity:  At the core of Tradeswell is a data platform optimized for the intricacies of real-time commerce. As a data engineer you will maintain and evolve data flows that enable critical aspects of the application and data science stack. You will work closely with other engineers and product management as part of a cross-functional team solving problems for internal and external customers.  What you will do:  Integrate with 3rd party systems to ingest and normalize data for customers Design, build, and maintain business critical data infrastructure Collaborate with other engineers, product managers, and data scientists to solve problems for internal and external customers  About you:  A passion for data, data engineering, and data science Strong engineering background and understanding of Python, Spark, and Airflow, Data Lakes & Warehousing, AWS Step Functions Experience managing infrastructure for data pipelines, ETL process, and data warehouses A desire to continually grow, learn, and iterate on the product and yourself   Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Tradeswell are considered property of Tradeswell and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
On-Campus teaching positions are now available in the Data Analytics for Business and Data Science Programs. Most courses will be offered on campus in Irvine, CA. We are seeking qualified applicants possessing current knowledge and teaching experience in all aspects of Data Analytics and Data Science including: Defining Business Goals, Data Preparation, Predictive Modeling, Model Deployment/Refinement, Data Visualization (introductory and advanced), Big Data Analysis, and Data Engineering. Our curriculum is constantly updated and tailored to bring students the background, expertise, and business practices to remain competitive and advance their careers. Taught by qualified practitioners, our courses feature practical applications, underlying rationale, and current issues, all of which can be immediately utilized in and applied to our students’ work environments. Part-time, temporary assignments are assigned on an as-needed basis. This is an ONGOING recruitment. Teaching assignments could begin as early as Fall 2021 (September 2021). Specific Instructor Duties  Develop and/or update course syllabi in consultation with the UCI DCE Business and Technology Programs Director, Assistant Director, and Program Coordinators as assigned and using approved course development templatesPrepare and deliver face-to-face courses (on campus at UC Irvine) and learning assessments in the assigned formatUtilize the Canvas Learning Management System as the course support platformCommunicate teaching objectives and specific learning outcomes to students, and clearly outline the grading policies for the courseEvaluate student achievement of specific learning outcomes, and assign gradesPost final student grades to the transcript system by set deadlinesRespond to student questions and learning needs in a timely mannerHandle student inquiries about final grades and consult with Director, Assistant Director, and Program Coordinator, as neededStay current regarding the professional body of knowledge in the field of practiceParticipate in required orientations and complete mandatory training programs by deadlines established by UC IrvineComplete required administrative tasks in a timely manner including: completing all hiring paperwork; submitting updated quarterly syllabi; posting bio and photo on the UCI DCE website; signing quarterly contract; ordering required texts; communicating AV and classroom needsEmploy culturally competent teaching methodologies in the classroom inclusive of both domestic and international student populationsAllow students to review their final exams/papers for up to 13 months following the last class sessionUse subject-matter expertise and leverage additional resources appropriately to enhance the curriculum (i.e.: make arrangements for guest speakers, etc.)Design interactive and motivational classroom activities to fully engage participants and to reinforce student learningUpdate materials periodically, and regularly monitor course evaluations in order to make adjustments and improvements to the curriculum The Business & Technology Programs unit offers courses in a multitude of certificate programs to hundreds of students each year. Our students are largely newly graduated professionals and adult professionals working in full time positions who are seeking additional education that will enable them to update their skills, change careers, or prepare for industry certifications or exams. Our programs are designed to meet the needs of these business professionals at all levels of their careers, providing them with flexible enrollment options to initiate their professional development at any time throughout the year, without an application. As a result of our commitment to academic excellence, professionals can acquire the skills and knowledge they need to face a world of continual change. We are seeking world-class instructors who are experts in their fields, with extensive hands-on experience as business professionals and community leaders. Applications to teach are accepted on a rolling basis throughout the year to both fill immediate program needs, and to increase the depth of the instructor pool for future needs. Course Descriptions can be found on our website:  https://ce.uci.edu/areas/it/data_analytics/  https://ce.uci.edu/areas/it/data_science/ https://ce.uci.edu/areas/it/predictive_analytics/ Individuals hired to teach these courses must understand that all such agreements with the University are made on a course-by-course basis and that the Instructor will be made no guarantee of continual involvement with the University in any capacity. Qualifications Basic  Advanced degree from an accredited institution Additional  Current knowledge of and demonstrated proficiency in subject areaMust be committed to the highest level of academic standards and integrityHighly effective oral and written communication skills, including the ability to convey conceptual and complex ideas and informationHighly effective interpersonal skillsProficiency in (or willingness to learn) the use of instructional technology and online teaching toolsCurrent participation in professional associationsComfort in dealing with international professionals and students Preferred Experience designing/revising curriculum and measuring student performanceCollege-level teaching experience (or the corporate equivalent)Expertise working in common Data Analysis tools such as Tableau, Python, R, SPSS, etc.  Qualifications Basic qualifications (required at time of application) Advanced degree from an accredited institution Application Requirements Document requirements Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V. Reference requirements 3 required (contact information only) Apply link: https://recruit.ap.uci.edu/JPF07035 Campus Information The University of California, Irvine is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer advancing inclusive excellence. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or other protected categories covered by the UC nondiscrimination policy.  Job location Irvine, CA
AI Test EngineerNumber of Openings: 1Employment: 6+ month contractLocation: Charlotte NC. Open to remoteTech Stack: chatbot/AI/ML technologiesproficient in automating API tests using market tools such as REST-assured, Postman, SoapUI, CA DevTestenthusiastic and energetic with an inherent curiosity to break code.AWSNLP (Natural Language Processing)Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Stat or a related fieldPowerBIpython dev skillsettest automation experienceCI/CD pipeline expContract length: 6 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: Up to $60.00 per yearExperience:chatbot/AI/ML technologies: 4 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes
About the Company  This is an exciting time to join our team. We are growing, we are profitable, we are investing in our Company and we have big plans for the future! Alloy Group was formed in 2018 out of six separate businesses, including Copper Environmental Consulting, the engineering and consulting division of Alloy. Copper is made up of scientists and engineers who tailor their expertise to meet the needs of all clients, large and small, including some of the largest mining and industrial customers in the country. Alloy is now becoming a full-service national construction demolition and engineering consulting powerhouse.  Summary  We are looking for a Staff Data Scientist to join our engineering/science division and to assist with data management and analysis efforts. The desired candidate will be a detail-oriented individual who can provide high-level technical support on client projects involving management, analysis, visualization, and reporting of complex environmental datasets. This position will be based out of Copper's headquarters in Montana. Essential Roles and responsibilities Willingness to take direction from senior data managers, engineers, and scientists; Collaborate with multidisciplinary teams (engineers, environmental scientists, etc.) to develop and implement data workflows; and Interact with project managers, teams, and IT to ensure each project's data needs are being met. Required Qualifications and Education Requirements  An applicable combination of education and experience in a relevant technical field or business is required, including:  Bachelors Degree in Data Science, Computer Science or Engineering required 0-2+ years of experience in relevant roles Knowledge of data management, data automation techniques, and data reporting Knowledge of appropriate programming languages (i.e. Python, R, SQL, etc.) Knowledge of traditional and cloud-based databases Familiarity with Microsoft Office (i.e. Excel, Word, Access, PowerBI) Familiarity with, or willing to learn, environmental database software (i.e. EQuIS), SCADA software (i.e. Wonderware, FactoryTalk, ClearSCADA), and/or GIS software (i.e. ESRI ArcGIS) Strong troubleshooting skills Ability to work independently when given a specific task with deadlines
Get your career started at eHealth eHealthInsurance has many exciting career opportunities in a number of locations, across various functions. Come join us today! At eHealth, we are passionate about solving our nation's toughest problems to bring more suitable, accessible, and affordable health insurance to Americans. We are seeking an exceptional data scientist to join our growing team, which is developing cutting-edge machine learning products and solutions to drive better and faster decision making within our company and to better serve our customers. This is a fast-paced, collaborative, and iterative environment requiring quick learning, agility, and flexibility. How you will make an impact: Develop innovative ML/AI solutions for challenging business problems that are fundamental for eHealth. Conduct open-ended data exploration to evaluate and solve complex problems. Participate in all aspects of the project lifecycle from requirements gathering, data acquisition and preparation, hypothesis generation, ideation, coding, testing, and deployment of data science product. Work with business partners to identify opportunities for innovation. Work closely with engineers and product managers to productionize ML solutions. Basic Qualifications: BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, or a related quantitative field. Proficiency in Python, and scripting languages (Unix shell), and solid experience with git. Experience with ML frameworks, such as Scikit-learn, Spark ML, Tensorflow, Pytorch, etc. Proficiency in SQL, experience with distributed systems (Snowflake, Spark), and NoSQL systems (MongoDB). Nice to Have: Ability to work with ambiguous problem definitions. Experience with AWS ecosystem. Experience with Databricks (Spark) is a big plus. Experience with machine learning at scale is a big plus. Experience with experimental design and multivariate experiments is a big plus. Experience with text data and NLP (NLU & NLG). Experience with Deep Learning. Excellent communication skills in written and verbal forms, and an ability to communicate complex issues to a range of audience (management, peers, clients). eHealth is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. It is our policy to provide equal opportunity to all employees and applicants and to prohibit any discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. The foundation of these policies is our commitment to treat everyone fairly and equally and to have a bias-free work environment. If you are interested in applying for employment with eHealth and need special assistance or an accommodation to apply for a posted position contact us at: accommodations@ehealthinsurance.com .
Founding/Lead Engineer (Python, Data Science, ML) If you are a Founding/Lead Engineer (Python, Data Science, ML) with experience, please read on!  Backed by the same folks behind Grace Note, Open Play, Marketo, and Chartmetric, we are an automated advertising platform that dynamically launches campaigns for catalog music based on real-world events such as holidays, concerts, and viral Tik-Tok video. This is a critical hire - you will be our founding/Lead Engineer and lead all Engineering in the near future! What You Will Be DoingBuild, design, and implement new features and extend existing functionality for our Python-based backend services and APIsIdeate and create new ways to target audiences using cohort analysis in-order to build out our Identification Engine Identify and test new data signals in-order to build signals identification engineBuild, design, and implement new features and extend existing functionality for our Python-based backend services and APIsAnalyze and run tests to drive insight into how our advertisements impact customers ROIDevelop the technical strategy and direction for the company as part of the leadership teamHands-on architecture and coding to create a platform merging music, fin-tech and ad-techHire the right engineers to advance the engineering organization What You Need for this PositionExperience with advertising technology and/or fin-tech and/or music industry (must have experience)5+ yrs of experience building and leading agile, cross-functional product teamsYou have a deep understanding of the full software engineering lifecycle Lead and work as part of the engineering team in an agile environmentYou can communicate technical problems and solutions not only to developers, but also to product managers, designers and other stakeholdersYou like to take ownership and thrive off of learning new skills and state of the art technologiesData security minded What's In It for YouCompetitive compensation with founding equity opportunityThis role has an opportunity to grow into a C-level position as the company growsHighly motivating working environment within a remote team of experts who are changing the global music industryOpportunity to guide all technical decisions and develop technical roadmap for the companyTechstack: Service based architecture hosted at AWS (S3, Lambda, Ec2, Athena data lake, Red shift), Python (Pandas, Flask, Sqlalchemy), Postgres, Javascript web app (React/vue.js), Facebook Business Manager So, if you are a Founding/Lead Engineer (Python, Data Science, ML) with experience, please apply today!  1. Apply directly to this job opening here! Or 2. E-mail directly for more information to trent@cybercoders.comApplicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.   CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
National VIP and NVIP are physician owned companies headquartered in San Juan, Puerto Rico that use modern IT solutions and an integrated platform to optimize all aspects of a medical practice for long term success.We are looking for an Assistant Data Analyst with a familiarity of Google Data Studio to create customized Facebook, Google Analytics, google ads, and excel sheet data visualizations. In this role you will be responsible for building data models to gather data from multiple systems, cleansing and analyzing the information for different teams across the business (e.g. Marketing, Billing, Operations).Responsibilities:Design and build analytics dashboards and reports for internal teams to provide insights to business operations across billing, marketing, finance, and clinical operations.Support individual team members by creating customizable tabular or visual reports with ad hoc reporting.Minimum Requirements:Experience working in technical data analysis, data science, data warehousing or related experience.Experience with designing reports and dashboards using Google Data Studio, Google Analytics, Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, Facebook Ads, Google Ads, SEM Rush, or similar tools.Education Level: Associate DegreeOther:Fully Bilingual (English/Spanish)Position Type: Full-TimeJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:Paid time offSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWeekend availabilityCOVID-19 considerations:Common areas are sanitized on a regular basisEducation:Associate (Required)Experience:Google Suite: 1 year (Required)Language:English/Spanish Fluently (Required)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
About: Macy’s is proudly America’s Department Store. For more than 160 years, Macy’s has served generations at every stage of their lives. Our customers come to us for fashion, value and celebration. Macy’s Marketing delivers a healthy, profitable customer franchise that is growing through engagement and acquisition. Our team leads strategic initiatives such as personalization and monetization, as well as our Star Rewards Loyalty program. Take the helm of one of the world’s most beloved brands and help bring it to life for our customers. As part of our team, you’ll own, guide, and direct marketing efforts, motivating our customers to strengthen their relationship with our brand. Constantly creating, innovating, and exploring the new, you’ll drive customer engagement and loyalty while sparking excitement. Job Overview: As part of the Marketing – Data Science Group, the Lead Data Scientist will develop innovative analytical approaches to customer and targeting strategies. The Lead Data Scientist will create practical methods to understand customer health, forecast customer preferences, simulate business outcomes, and optimize major investments. The Data Scientist will work closely with cross functional groups to enhance analytical capabilities, identify new growth opportunities, and develop persuasive interactive visualizations. Essential Functions: Answer complex business questions by using appropriate statistical techniques on available data or designing and running experiments to gather data. Adapt standard or develop novel applications of classification, forecasting, simulation, optimization, and summarization techniques. Work closely with cross functional teams to encourage best practices for experimental design and data analysis. Create compelling interactive visualizations and presentations to enhance decision making capabilities throughout the company. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications and Competencies: At least one year of industry experience with Master’s or Ph.D. required in relevant technical field such as Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Economics. Experience working with large data sets. Expert knowledge of analytical tools such as SAS, R, Matlab, or STATA and scripting languages such as Python, Perl, or PHP. Ability to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner. Strong passion for answering complex business questions using structured problem solving and rigorous data analysis. Curiosity and desire to learn about business needs and strategies from close collaboration with business partners such as the CRM, Marketing Effectiveness, and Customer Analytics teams. Familiarity with visualization tools such as Tableau, Looker or Spotfire. Familiarity with relational databases and SQL. This job description is not all-inclusive, and Macy’s Inc. reserves the right to amend this job description at any time. Macy’s Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Candidates for positions in San Francisco ONLY can review their rights and the Company’s obligations under SFPC Art. 49 here. Candidates for positions in Los Angeles ONLY can review their rights and the Company’s obligations under LA MC Ch. XVIII Art. 9 here. Candidates for positions in Philadelphia ONLY can review their rights and the Company’s obligations under PC Ch. 9-3500 here. MARKETING00
Tyto Athene is an IT services and solutions company that provides mission-focused digital transformation to enhance the client experience and enable them to achieve desired outcomes. A full-service systems integrator, Tyto Athene offers a wide range of network services and solutions including the design, installation, and support of Hybrid Cloud-based Enterprise Unified Communications, Voice, 5G and NextGen Infrastructure. Tyto Athene has over fifty years of experience supporting Federal State and Local Governments across the United States and around the globe. The DoD and USAF have initiated the Joint All Domain Command and Control (JADC2) and the Advanced Battle Management System (ABMS) programs to deliver capabilities to enable network centric operations. GSI will develop concept papers, proposals, prototypes to compete for funding. GSI will also execute task orders awarded and integrate with other industry partners to rapidly develop state-of-the-art solutions for DoD. GSI has an opening for a Data Scientist to support JADC2/ABMS concept and capability development. Position is located in Fairborn, OH and also assist with network planning for JADC2/ABMS related events and execution of network related task orders. GSI will compete to develop and field networks for JADC2/ABMS programs. Design cloud-based data repositories across domains that are discoverable, enabling publish subscribe approaches servicing various consumers across the DoD. These repositories contain data that consists of structured and unstructured data and where possible, this data will be meta tagged for further analytics and as well as fusion purposes. Propose machine learning and further enhance the artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms to provide previously unrealized military utility in decision aides Responsibilities: Performs technical sales support as the Data Scientist for the ABMS program team. Authors concept papers and technical proposals in response to JADC2/ABMS acquisition requests. Develops solutions for complex data sets across multiple security levels. Participates in JADC2/ABMS related planning activities. Proposes data integration solutions for lead DoD planners and executes upon approval. Collaborates within GSI ABMS team to create unique state of the art solutions across ABMS developmental categories. Collaborates within to translate and deliver commercial solutions to meet DoD use case demands. Coordinates within to evolve commercial solutions to meet unique DoD requirements. Collaborates with industry partners to broaden reach and, when necessary, leverage non- solutions to deliver the best available solutions for DoD. Designs and develops methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze data, both structured and unstructured, and its sources, including big data. Develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, querying and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate datasets. Models complex DoD problems and is familiar with natural language processing, machine learning, predictive modeling, statistical analysis, and hypothesis testing. Works with cross-discipline teams to ensure connectivity between various databases and systems. Continual process improvement activities include data, processes, interfaces, tools, and technology insertion. Supports defining specific process improvement projects, identifies meaningful insights, interprets and communicates findings and makes recommendations including process improvement opportunities. May develop information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performance. Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies. Support ABMS program manager with other duties, as required. Qualifications: Requires an active TS/SCI Clearance. Requires BS and 4-8 years of prior relevant experience or Master degree with 2-6 years of prior relevant experience. Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression. Good scripting and programming skills. Ability to work independently to achieve day-to-day objectives with significant impact on operational results or project deliverables. Record of leading teams to develop technical solutions requiring collaboration with internal experts, deep analyses and understanding of impact on end-product/solution. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Previous experience with Department of Defense innovation initiatives and organizations (DARPA/AFRL/AFWERX/KESSEL RUN). Equal Opportunity Employer: Disability/Veteran
Interos is the operational resilience company â€” reinventing how companies manage their supply chains and business relationships â€” through a breakthrough SaaS platform that uses artificial intelligence to model and transform the ecosystems of complex businesses into a living global map, down to any single supplier, anywhere.  Reducing months of backward-looking manual spreadsheet inputs to instant visualizations with continuous monitoring, the Interos platform helps the world's companies reduce risk, avoid disruptions, and achieve dramatically superior resilience. Businesses can uncover game-changing opportunities that radically change the way they see, learn and profit from their relationships.  Based in Washington, DC, Interos serves global clients with business-critical, interdependent relationships. The fast-growing private company is led by CEO Jennifer Bisceglie and supported by investors Venrock and Kleiner Perkins. For more information, visit www.interos.ai.   THE OPPORTUNITY  The Data Enablement team supports the Interos data-driven culture by ensuring the democratization of data across all departments. We provide teams with a well-organized, documented data lake, fast data on-boarding, and assistance with data analysis.  As a part of the Data Enablement team, you will be a subject matter expert of all data available in the Interos data lake as well as a key contributor to on-boarding new data from our strategic partnerships. You will work across departments to ensure our internal customers have access to the data they need, in the format they need it, to solve their business challenges in a data-driven way.  You'll partner with Business Analysts, Methodologists, Data Scientists, Sales Engineers and others to understand their goals, build out processes and datasets, and ultimately empower through the democratization of data.   Essential Functions/duties:  Key Responsibilities:  Maintain the Interos data dictionary and master data catalogs. Perform data analysis and transformation activities with well-formed SQL queries. Partner with Technology teams to ensure the data lake stores all data used to power the Interos platform. Support ad-hoc data requests from internal/external clients for business continuity and ad-hoc analytics. Create effective, scalable, and intuitive dashboard/reporting solutions to raise useful and actionable insights. Be comfortable working in and presenting data in spreadsheets when that is the right solution. Be a change agent and drive innovation with your own ideas. Assists with technology improvement activities to ensure continuous enhancements of core platforms.  Qualifications:  0-2 years experience in a similar data analytics role OR have equivalent technical competence and experience in education. Intermediate SQL knowledge and skills. Basic Python or JavaScript skills and a strong desire to learn proficiency. Proven passion and expertise for the data quality discipline: Data profiling, Data Discovery, Information Chain and Root Cause analysis. Can construct elegant SQL queries and will keep profiling and optimizing them until they are as efficient as possible. Exceptional attention to detail. Excellent written and verbal skills. Have a demonstrated passion for data and working in data-driven organizations. Have familiarity with data warehouse technologies and best practices.  Interos is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other classification protected by law.  If you are a candidate in need of assistance or an accommodation in the application process, please contact HR@interos.ai
Work at a company where people truly believe in what they’re doing! At Wonderlic, we combine our science-based assessment background with the best talent to innovate the way modern pre-employment screening is leveraged by the recruiting industry. Our mission is to expertly combine I/O psychology, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to ensure applicants are able to find their best jobs. Wonderlic provides the most trusted, scientifically validated assessments for sophisticated HR teams looking to identify top applicants and accurately predict on-the-job performance potential. As a people-first company, we’re constantly on the lookout for the best and brightest minds to propel Wonderlic forward. Do you strive for excellence? Are you driven by the desire to make positive changes in the world you live in? Are you passionate about your craft? Join Wonderlic in shaping the future of our organization. We’d be happy to have you. Job Title: Data Engineer Location: Fully-remote position with infrequent voluntary travel into the Vernon Hills, IL office Supervisory Responsibilities: No direct reports Reports to: Manager, AI Innovation Overview: Wonderlic is looking for a brand new Data Engineer, and we hope it’ll be you. Why? Because you’re ready to expand Wonderlic’s competitive edge, working closely with our talented team of data scientists to deliver cutting-edge user experiences. You’re confident in your ability to identify relevant opportunities where streamlined data pipelines and a single, reliable source of truth can make a difference for our organization’s emerging data strategy. As a Wonderlic Data Engineer, you’ll partner with stakeholders to internalize the problem domain, uncovering opportunities where various data solutions are appropriate. Your passion for data, creative problem-solving, and ownership will empower you to deliver these data products end-to-end, from design to launch. Through technical excellence, you will play a significant role in enhancing our processes and improving our toolkits. Essential Functions & Competencies needed: Designs and builds data/ETL pipelines to support data science use cases Establishes and maintains a data warehouse and/or data lake comprised of data from numerous sources, including appropriate cataloguing and governance of the stored data Translate business needs into reliable, scalable data solutions Devote time to learning new and relevant tools, processes, and technologies Demonstrates a desire to learn about ML models currently in production, as well as the deployment strategies used to get them there Conduct common and specialized performance analysis of regression and classification ML models in production Anticipates the challenges associated with ML models in production and designs efficient, elegant solutions to these (e.g. retraining strategies, monitoring alerts) Partners with manager and other stakeholders to discuss implementation and prioritization Responds promptly to opportunities and challenges with a constructive, positive mindset and sense of urgency Required Education and Experience: BA/BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Math, Statistics, Economics, or related STEM field (or equivalent experience) 2+ years of experience building schemas for and interacting with SQL and NoSQL (e.g. MongoDB) databases 2+ years of experience building data visualizations and monitoring dashboards using Tableau (preferred), Sisense/Periscope, or another similar software 1+ years of experience using cloud computing services (e.g. AWS, Google Cloud) [Preferred] 1+ years of experience building and maintaining data warehouses [Preferred] 1+ years of experience building and maintaining data lakes Experienced Python software developer, with 1+ years experience using Python for data processing/ETL; experience with JavaScript and/or R a plus Experience using professional software engineering best practices for the full development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, version control management, and testing [Preferred] Familiarity with the theory and application of ML algorithms What we offer: Competitive salary Competitive Paid Time Off (PTO) - 21 days PTO to start accruing 8 paid holidays and 2 extra floating holidays A paid, company shutdown week from December 26 to December 31 Medical, dental, and vision group insurance Company paid life and long-term disability insurance Paid Parental and Primary Caregiver Leave after 1 year of employment 401(k) with matching after 1 year of employment Highly collaborative, innovative and fun work environment Affirmative Action Plan/Equal Employer Opportunity (AAP/EEO) Statement: Wonderlic is proud to be an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer. Here, diversity is valued and celebrated, and is what makes us such a successful team. Wonderlic does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, parental status, military/veteran status, or any other factor protected by law. Disclaimer: This job description is not designed to include a comprehensive list of duties and responsibilities that are required of the employee. Duties and responsibilities may change or be assigned at any time, with or without notice. 5JiJxo4Zx4
RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client seeking a Data Analyst in Miami, FL.  Duties:  Data Analyst will generate analysis, data visualizations, and automate reporting to drive business initiatives Develop and support our python-based data intelligence platform, focus on analytical deal analysis, investment processes, and monitor of current allocations As a Data Analyst, you will gather requirements from business stakeholders to understand their processes in order to plan and deliver data focused solutions Manage multiple projects and deadlines, identifying paths forward and solutions Grow a culture of data science within the firm, including leading Tech Talks and occasional training sessions Additionally, the Data Analyst will use new and open-source technologies to develop proof-of-concept tools, such as AngularJS, Bootstrap, GraphQL, and other web platforms  REQUIREMENTS:  Have a strong SQL background in addition to an understanding of modern data warehousing techniques and best practices Experience with Tableau or other BI software Python - fluency in analytical toolkit (NumPy, Pandas, etc.); Preferred experience with python dashboarding libraries - Panel or Dask Possess keen interest in financial markets with an ability to step in and work directly with business stakeholders Strong foundation in statistics and mathematics Comfortable working with, and combining, disparate and diverse data sources A strong intuition for analytical methodologies and desire to solve novel technical challenges Communication skills: Verbal & Written - An ability to author documentation appropriate for a range of audiences: the business stakeholders, technical community, and upper management Time and Task management - An ability to manage multiple priorities and raise issues in a timely and productive fashion  Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Customer Description  Our Government customer develops and operates unique and innovative reconnaissance systems and conducts intelligence-related activities for U.S. National Security. IT within our customer plays a key role in the success of the WarFighter "boots on the ground" and within the Intelligence Community in order to share actionable intelligence on both mission-enabled systems and those centered on the day to day business aspects within the agency.  Program Description  Provides services to an Intelligence Community agency with a focus in security and counterintelligence. Program focus areas include analytical services, insider threat analysis support, counterintelligence IT architectures, development, and maintenance, counterintelligence inquiries and referent activities, and surge support on various other counterintelligence initiatives.  Job Description  We are seeking a Data Engineer to support the Insider Threat mission. Data Engineers work with various security system data owners to automate data integration and collection strategies. Work closely with the data science team to ensure data cleanliness and accuracy.  Support data science team by designing, developing and implementing scalable ETL process for disparate datasets into a Hadoop infrastructure.  Design, develop, implement and maintain data ingestion process from various disparate datasets using StreamSets (experience with StreamSets (not mandatory) Develop processes to identify data drift and malformed records Develop technical documentation and standard operating procedures Mentor new and junior data engineers Leads technical tasks for small teams or projects Qualifications TS/SCI FS Poly Clearance DoD 8570.1M compliant (obtainable with 6 months) Active TS/SCI W/ Full Scope Polygraph (or the ability to obtain one)  Desired Core Skills:  Working knowledge of entity resolution systems Experience with messages systems like Kafka Experience with data serialization systems such as Apache Avro Experience with NoSQL and/or graph databases like MongoDB or ArangoDB Any of the following databases: SQL, MongoDB, Oracle, Postgres Working experience with ETL processing Working experience with data workflow products like StreamSets or NiFi Working experience with Python RESTful API services, JDBC Experience with Hadoop and Hive/Impala Experience with Cloudera Data Science Workbench is a plus Understanding of pySpark Leadership experience Creative thinker Ability to multi-task Excellent use and understanding of data engineering concepts, principles, and theories   Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled. Individuals with disabilities, including disabled veterans or veterans with service-connected disabilities, are encouraged to apply. If you need assistance applying outside of the online application, please contact recruiting@blackspoke.com for more information.
As a Data Scientist, you will work with a team of driven, committed engineers and data scientists to take ownership of a massive, diverse dataset. Recorded Future's harvesting pipeline reads over 700,000 web sources and structured data feeds, and our real-time multilingual natural language processing technology takes that content from raw text to alerts and visualizations in minutes. You will take our data to new heights by discovering and structuring relationships between pieces of data.  What you'll bring as a Data Scientist:  Find patterns and relationships in our data and develop the models and pipelines needed to surface those relationships at scale. Build python applications for transforming vast amounts of data into the key pieces of high-quality information our clients rely on. Collaborate with your teammates and identify opportunities to replace the status quo through clever solutions to complex tasks.  What you'll bring as a Data Scientist:  Python programming: You are comfortable writing production-grade python code and working with complex data structures. Machine learning: You are proficient with machine learning and/or natural language processing. Curiosity: You want to understand how the data you work with can be used and create the structure to make that happen. Communication: Your clarity of thought is always apparent in your crisp and articulate emails, Slack chats, phone calls, and in-person conversations.  Why should you join Recorded Future? With over 600 employees, $140M ARR, 1,000 clients, and 50% year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the world's largest privately-held security intelligence company! Recorded Future employees (or "Futurists"), represent over 35 nationalities and embody our core values of being passionate, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.7-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.  Want more info? Blog & Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things you'd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligence Instagram & Twitter: What's happening at Recorded Future The Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing field Timeline: History of Recorded Future Recognition: Check out our awards and announcements  We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles. By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.  If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at recruiting@recordedfuture.com  Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.  Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.
Williams Libraries seeks an enthusiastic, user-centered educator to join the Research Services department as Data Science Librarian. In this newly-defined position, the Data Science Librarian will enhance the library’s information literacy initiative by bringing a focus on data literacy. You will help students develop data literacy skills and support data-intensive courses and departments. As liaison librarian, you will guide students and faculty on research methods and resources, teach library instruction sessions, and develop library collections. This is a full-time, year-round appointment, reporting to the Head of Research Services and Library Outreach. Williams, a liberal arts college located in western Massachusetts, has built its reputation on outstanding teaching, scholarship, and academic excellence. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive community to support our approximately 2,000 students, where members from all backgrounds can live, learn and thrive. The Research Services department supports the college’s academic mission by providing research assistance and teaching information literacy skills. We are dedicated to innovation and proactive user-driven services, and we value collegiality and collaboration. We believe in meeting students where they are in their information-seeking journey and helping them grow into empowered, information-literate citizens. We are looking for a colleague who: shares our passion for working with students and faculty and for teaching information/data literacy embraces our commitment to critical pedagogy, data ethics/justice and action-oriented ways to further diversity, equity, and inclusion through their work welcomes the opportunities offered by this newly-created position: shaping the library’s first data literacy program and contributing to the development of the college’s new Data Science program. thrives in a small, relationship-driven academic environment is excited to work with students who are broadly diverse with regard to gender, gender identity, race, ethnicity, nationality, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, religion, and other dimensions of diversity   Responsibilities   Design services and programs to support data literacy for undergraduate students by Developing and implementing training on data science research methods, tools, and best practices Guiding librarians on ways to integrate data literacy in their library instruction Working to raise awareness of data literacy, data resources and services provided by the library Support data-intensive courses and assignments across the disciplines by Providing guidance to students/faculty on data research, analysis, interpretation and visualization Collaborating with instructional technologists, digital humanities and quantitative skills colleagues on data support Consulting on students' data-intensive extracurricular projects Contribute to the development of a Data Science program (a College’s strategic priority) As liaison to Computer Science, Economics, Geosciences, Mathematics & Statistics, the Data Science Librarian will: Help students in these departments develop as scholars by teaching them library research skills Teach instruction sessions aligned with ACRL’s Framework for Information Literacy for Higher Education Work with faculty to develop library services and collections that support their teaching and research Partner with instruction technologists to provide coordinated support to faculty The Data Science Librarian supports the general research needs of the Williams community by staffing the research help services (in person and online). They participate in all Research Services’ initiatives and programs. They work on library’s and college’s teams and committees as relevant. The Data Science Librarian is expected to maintain awareness of evolving trends, tools and methods within data science, data literacy, and related areas, and to contribute to national, regional, and/or local associations and professional groups. Williams Libraries provides generous support for professional development.  Qualifications   A Master’s degree is required. While we anticipate that many applicants will have an ALA accredited master’s in library/information science, we are also interested in folks with a relevant mix of education and experience Familiarity with data and digital humanities tools such SPSS, SAS, STATA, Nvivo, R/RStudio, Python, Javascript, and associated libraries for data analysis and visualization Knowledge of data research methods, sources of data (public and proprietary), data rights Experience working with quantitative and/or qualitative data Teaching experience and interest in working with undergraduate students Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, accessibility, data ethics/justice Excellent communication, interpersonal, and problem-solving skills Ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a team-oriented organization Experience in higher education or academic librarianship would be beneficial but is not required How to apply - Please apply through our website https://staff-careers.williams.edu/ and help us get to know you by addressing the following questions in your cover letter: What is your information/data literacy philosophy? How would you ground your work as Data Science Librarian in DEIA principles? How have you explored and adapted new technologies/methodologies to progress your work? How does teaching / helping others to use data align with your interests? Application review will begin on September 1, 2021, and will continue until the position is filled. Pay starts around $60,000, commensurate with experience. Job band 2-E.  Conditions of Employment   Employment at Williams is contingent on the verification of background information submitted by the applicant, including the completion of a criminal record check, and education when applicable.  Equal Employment Opportunity   Beyond meeting fully its legal obligations for non-discrimination, Williams College is committed to building a diverse and inclusive community where members from all backgrounds can live, learn and thrive. As part of this commitment, we will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please feel free to contact us via phone at (413) 597-2681 or email at hr@williams.edu.
About this Job Job Type: Full-time / Part-time / Contract / Internship (Custom based on candidate availability) Position Location: Remote, location agnostic, U.S. preference How to apply: Please submit resume and cover letter. Both are required for consideration. IT Specialist - Business Development, BC Analytics, LLC (Bainbridge Affiliate): If you are among the top percentile of growing new professionals who seek intensive research and analytic career experience working for Fortune 1000 clients, look closely at the BC Analytics IT Specialist opportunity within a growing Business Development team. We are a leading national strategy consulting firm serving top tier Fortune 1000 companies with their corporate and business strategy needs in industries ranging from healthcare, technology, media, financial services, manufacturing, and professional services. Play a pivotal data sourcing function with our private equity partners as our financial services team manages an omni-channel marketing outreach facility leveraging this data, with the opportunity to pioneer and learn about a growing, dynamic system and developing the tool to reach new levels. We help our clients research and formulate strategies that enable them to outperform competition and recognize new market approaches. Through in-depth research and analysis, our business analysts become the front-line team for exceptional performance and results at our client organizations, all on support of the marketing and business development team. Summary/Objective Manages the data sourcing facility and in-house engine for the Bainbridge team and facilitates effective, automated methods to gather secondary information from a variety of sources. The goal is to further build out and grow our existing, in-house data function and capability and create an effective, scalable ecosystem of data sourcing, cleaning and management. An entrepreneurial bent of mind and experience/interest in financial services/business/economics is helpful to understand the application function of this role. Essential Duties: Utilize automated tools to facilitate targeting, sourcing and business development capabilities for the Bainbridge team. Develop internal technological infrastructure to improve outreach capability, accuracy, effectiveness with the goal of scaling up Bainbridge’s targeting capabilities. Play a pivotal role in the data targeting and sourcing team at Bainbridge advancing the technological capability to download and manage data, as well as effective database management. Facilitate business relationships between capital institutions and business owners on our tech platform. Conduct research of prospective targets, industries, and markets using primary and secondary source research methods Analyze financial data to uncover industry, company, and customer trends Prepare industry briefs and presentations supporting deal development Develop and maintain competitive assessment of key acquisition targets Develop in-depth case studies, white papers, and ad hoc research reports Act as a Liaison between the data analytics and capital team Assist in marketing and business development processes for both prospect clients and targets Competencies Data Science/Web Automation background: Python, Jupyter notebooks/Pycharm, Selenium/BeautifulSoup/Requests. Technical Capacity Attention to Detail / Organization Professional Report Creation Communication Proficiency Problem Solving Attitude Preferred Skills and Experience Completion of a 4+ year undergraduate degree in a related field of study: Computer Science/Data Science/Cognitive Science 2+ years of Python/Jupyter notebook experience 2+ years of front end and back end programming skills preferred 1+ years of advanced Excel Masters degree preferred Core Competencies Attention to Detail / Organization Technical Capacity Communication Proficiency Problem Solving/Analysis Management / Leadership Core Benefits for Full-Time Team Medical Coverage Selection: Kaiser, (CA) & Aetna (HMO, POS) Dental Coverage: MetLife Dental (PPO) & Aetna Dental (DMO): personal coverage and additional child plus orthodontia Vision Plan :Comprehensive Vision coverage including exams, lenses and frames allowance, contact lenses. Healthcare FSA: Allows employees to pay for up to $2,750 per year in medical, pharmacy, dental, vision and other healthcare related expenses with pre-tax dollars using provided debit card Healthcare savings account HSA. This is different than a flexible spending account, it is a long-term savings account that provides an ongoing resource that you can tap into year after year for healthcare costs and can be built up incrementally. Basic Term Life: Coverage equal to one times annual earning for all full time employees Basic Personal Accident Insurance (PAI):Coverage equal to one times annual earnings for all full-time employees. Dependent care pre-tax spending account. Covers the kids and elderly dependents with pretax spending dollars 4II2YdEUwr
The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by machine learning and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. You’ll design and implement machine learning solutions for complex tasks on large data sets, including extracting insights from multiple disparate data sources and types, such as cyber, language, and vision. You’ll perform research in machine learning, including adversarial machine learning, algorithmic fairness, and model interpretability. You’ll write journal articles, present at academic conferences, and produce whitepapers and briefings for both technical and non-technical audiences. You’ll serve as the client interface and maintain responsibility across the entire life cycle, including requirements gathering and analysis, process and systems definition, data analysis, presentation of analysis to clients in a format they can digest, and development of algorithm driven products and solutions. You Have: Experience with programming in Python and C Experience with computational epidemiology research Experience with machine learning, including Bayesian machine learning methods Knowledge of reinforcement learning algorithms for decision making under uncertainty Knowledge of mathematics and statistics, including coursework in the theory of probability, statistical inference, algorithms, linear algebra, and calculus Ability to derive a variational inference procedure mathematically for a novel model and implement the inference procedure in a framework, including PyTorch or Numpy Ability to obtain a security clearance HS diploma or GED Nice If You Have: Experience with application areas of machine learning, including epidemiology Ability to communicate results to both technical and non-technical audiences effectively Ability to work independently on complex tasks Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. CMD
Would you like to be part of an organization that values innovation and risk-taking?Do you enjoy the challenge of interpreting and organizing data into a structured analytic framework?Do you want to use your technical expertise to solve some of our nation's greatest challenges?If so, we're looking for someone like you to join the Systems Performance Analysis Group, KBS, a talented team of data scientists, engineers, and analysts.The Machine Learning Section of KBS is looking for a data scientist to join us in applying cutting-edge data science and machine learning solutions to complex problems. We are looking for someone who combines enthusiasm for quantitative problem solving with a rigorous approach to data analysis.As a Data Scientist in the Machine Learning Section you will ....  Apply knowledge in machine learning, statistics, software development, and data science to solve challenges on datasets of all sizes and types Utilize statistical analysis, unsupervised machine learning, supervised machine learning, and deep learning as needed Build models and simulations to describe data, predict events, and prescribe a course of action Look for innovative ways to derive novel insights from sponsor data Collaborate with multi-disciplinary teams from across the Laboratory to design and execute technical studies across a variety of domains Explore current academic research to maintain technical edge Effectively communicate results to both JHU/APL and sponsor leadership  You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you...  BS degree in data science, statistics, mathematics, computer science, or a related technical discipline Experience with machine learning and statistical analysis of data Experience with R, Python, SAS, Matlab, or other programming environment Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and ultimately obtain a Final Secret level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenshipYou'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... Master's degree or higher in machine learning, data science, statistics, mathematics, computer science, or a related technical discipline Experience with C#, Java, .NET, etc. Experience with deep learning, reinforcement learning, natural language processing Possess an active Secret (or higher) clearance  Why work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation's most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL's campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at http://www.jhuapl.edu/careers.
ATTENTION Merit System Employees: Do not apply through this site. Grade 25 CLOSE DATE 12/31/2021 SUMMARY A Data Management Specialist assists in the documentation, reporting, and analysis of relevant data (e.g., disease control, overdose data, HR, etc.). The Data Management Specialist utilizes systems such as Crystal Reports, SQL, and Microsoft Report Builder to gather, transform, and analyze data requested by other departments. Analysis of data includes predictive analytics with possible machine learning and/or artificial intelligence applications and creating scripts and applications to automate information technology reporting processes. The Data Management Specialist performs under the general direction of more senior IT employees (e.g., Manager Systems Analysis) in accordance with policies and procedures with work being reviewed through meetings, reports, and performance appraisals for overall effectiveness. TYPICAL JOB DUTIES:  Provides service to internal and/or external customers.  Creates, edits, and maintains official forms and documents for record-keeping and reporting.  Creates specialized reports using Crystal Reports, Query Wizard (SQL) by writing queries to gather requested data and organizing the information into an easily understandable format for review by others (e.g., HR, Disease Control, etc.).  Performs predictive analytics to provide analyses and results of pertinent data related to JCDH needs (e.g., disease control, overdose data, etc.).  Engages in activities designed to ensure professional development, awareness of developments in the field, and knowledge of relevant practices, rules, laws, policies, and/or guidelines. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: The following Minimum Qualifications are required for this job. You must demonstrate possession of these qualifications by providing a detailed description of your related experience in the work history section of your application. Please note that replicating or restating these minimum qualifications or the information from the Personnel Board’s job description as your own work experience will result in your disqualification. Please describe your work experience in your own words to represent the work you have performed that is related to the minimum qualifications for this job. Experience utilizing T-SQL and Crystal Reports or Microsoft Report Builder for data analytics and reporting. Experience with Microsoft SQL server to extract, transform, and load data.  PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Microsoft Business Intelligence Certification. Bachelors in Computer Science or Mathematics. Experience with Microsoft Power BI. Experience with Python. Experience with R. Experience with Machine Learning and/or Artificial Intelligence.  COMPETENCIES: Adaptability & Flexibility. Computer & Technology Operations. Learning & Memory. Mathematical & Statistical Skills. Oral Communication & Comprehension. Physical Abilities. Planning & Organizing. Problem Solving & Decision Making. Professionalism & Integrity. Researching & Referencing. Reviewing, Inspecting & Auditing. Self-Management & Initiative. Teamwork & Interpersonal. Technical & Job-Specific Knowledge. Technical Skills. Written Communication & Comprehension.  CRITICAL TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE: Knowledge of computer fundamentals and software, including database, spreadsheet, and word processing software. Knowledge of computer operating systems such as UNIX and WINDOWS. Knowledge of relational and/or hierarchical databases (e.g., MSSQL, Oracle, IMS, DMSII, etc.) and their operations.  WORK ENVIRONMENT:  Work is conducted almost exclusively indoors in an office setting. Work involves use of standard office equipment, such as computer, phone, copier, etc.   PHYSICAL DEMANDS:  Job is primarily sedentary involving sitting for long periods of time, but may involve occasional walking or standing for brief periods. May involve occasional light lifting of items or objects weighing up to 25 lbs.   DISCLAIMER: This job description is not meant to be an all-inclusive list of the job duties, responsibilities, or skills and abilities required to do the job and may be changed at the discretion of the Personnel Board at any time. SPECIAL ACCOMMODATIONS Persons requiring special conditions to accommodate a disability when completing the application should contact the Personnel Board at 205-279-3500 before the announcement closing date. Qualified applicants who believe they will need reasonable accommodation in the examination process should complete and submit an Accommodation Request Form. You may obtain an Accommodation Request Form by contacting our ADA Ombudsperson at ADAO@pbjcal.org, or by accessing the "Request for Accommodation" form through the following website: http://www.pbjcal.org/ AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER The Personnel Board of Jefferson County (Personnel Board) provides a public personnel system based on merit principles. The Personnel Board strives for the constant improvement of the public service by employing and developing the best qualified persons available. The Personnel Board provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sex, creed, religion, political beliefs, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or genetics. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Employment decisions are made by the Merit System municipality or governmental agency in which the position exists. Each Merit System municipality, agency, or jurisdiction administers its own equal employment opportunity programs in compliance with applicable state and/or federal laws and regulations.
Data ScientistWe are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our product, sales, and leadership teams in building AI related products and delivering on AI related projects. The ideal candidate should have an in-depth and hands-on experience with building machine learning products. The right candidate should have a broad knowledge of AI applications in several industries and must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The candidate must have strong experience with a variety of machine learning tools including deep learning, NLP, reinforcement learning, image and speech recognition.Primary RequirementsWe’re looking for someone with a minimum of 1 year of experience in data science and building machine learning models and is familiar with the software/tools listed below.Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development. Strong experience of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, neural networks, deep learning, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.Strong experience using computer languages such as Python, Javascript and SQL is a must. Having some R and C++ knowledge is a plus.Strong experience in manipulating data and drawing insights from large data sets. Experience working with and creating data architectures.Experience working with MongoDB, Oracle Database, etc.Hands-on experience in language modeling tasks, sequence to sequence learning using Natural Language Processing.Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests, and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, Cassandra, etc. is a plus.Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: D3, ggplot, Tableau, PowerBI, etc.Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.Employment Type - Full-timeQualified candidates must live in the United States, with the ability to commute to the Rockville, MD office.Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.United Solutions is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all persons without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identification, age, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, national origin, disabled veteran or Vietnam-era veteran, or any other classification protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws. We prohibit and do not tolerate any form of discrimination or harassment.Job Type: Full-timePay: $50,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
State of New Hampshire Job Posting Department of Health and Human Services Division of Public Health Services Concord, NH- Hazen Drive STATISTICAL ASSISTANT Lyme Disease Statistical Assistant LG 14 #TMPPT5096- Part-Time (29.5 hrs/week) $16.93-$23.26 Hourly USD  The State of New Hampshire, Department of Health and Human Services, Division of Public Health Services has a part time vacancy for Statistical Assistant. SUMMARY:  Under the direction of the Vectorborne Disease Surveillance Coordinator, the Lyme Disease Statistical Assistant will collect, manage and analyze Lyme disease data to support ongoing activities of the surveillance program and assist with epidemiologic investigations if they occur.  RESPONSIBILITIES:  Performs initial triage of incoming mail, faxes and electronic lab reports and organizes and files information based on collection of data necessary to investigate Lyme disease and other reportable disease case reports.  Classifies raw data, sorts and batches data for computer entry and disease investigations. Organizes and prepares records for storage.  Contacts healthcare providers and laboratories to collect and validate information for Lyme disease and other reportable diseases.  Reviews Lyme disease case information, including case report forms, medical records and laboratory reports, and enters information accurately in an electronic disease database.  Implements quality assurance procedures to insure completeness, accuracy, and validity of data. Maintains the surveillance software and corrects errors in the database. Ensures key data variables are complete and accurate for grant reporting.  Compiles and computes public health surveillance data and prepares preliminary data reports under the direction of staff epidemiologists.  Performs preliminary statistical analysis and prepares Lyme disease statistical reports. Compiles, computes and develops charts, tables, and graphs for use by program personnel in project planning and the preparation of grants or studies.  Prepares correspondence and mailing packets to assist in the disbursal of educational materials about the prevention of tickborne diseases.  Performs various clerical duties to support surveillance program activities as assigned.  Maintains complete confidentiality of all sensitive information and adheres to rigorous system security procedures.   MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:  Education: Associate's degree from a recognized college or technical institute with a major study in business administration, statistics, mathematics or data processing. Each additional year of approved formal education may be substituted for one year of required work experience.   Experience: Two years' experience involving the preparation of statistical reports. Each additional year of approved work experience may be substituted for one year of required formal education.  PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Experience collecting and communicating about sensitive health information. Proficiency in Microsoft Excel for analysis of data and production of charts and graphs. Previous experience preparing presentations in Microsoft PowerPoint.  License/Certification: None required.   DISCLAIMER STATEMENT: The supplemental job description lists typical examples of work and is not intended to include every job duty and responsibility specific to a position. An employee may be required to perform other related duties not listed on the supplemental job description provided that such duties are characteristic of that classification.   For further information please contact Marco Notarangelo, Program Specialist III, Marco.Notarangelo@DHHS.NH.GOV , 603-271-0273.   Documents that can't be submitted online may be forwarded to:  Department of Health and Human Services- Human Resources 129 Pleasant Street Concord, NH 03301 EOE TDD Access: Relay NH 1-800-735-2964
Summary Posted: Jun 6, 2019 Role Number:200000650 The Technology Development Group is working on exciting new technologies. We are looking for a driven and dedicated performance engineer. This team is building the core foundational platform for some of Apple's most advanced technologies including the augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) support offered in ARKit and Metal. As part of our creative organization, you will have a uniquely rewarding opportunity to craft future products that will delight and inspire millions of people every day. Key Qualifications In-depth knowledge of tools and techniques for analyzing and benchmarking of operating systems, application/algorithm performance Very good systems programming in C, C++ Experience troubleshooting latency-critical software Excellent written and verbal interpersonal skills Description The Technology Development Group is looking for an accomplished Performance Expert/Lead to help build a passionate and diverse team that will ensure the next generation of interactive experiences for iOS will run with the best performance. You will collaborate with multiple teams x-functionally to deliver incredible experiences for our customers. You will work on analytical and simulation models to predict application, algorithm, OS and, realtime interactive graphics performance. You will design and implement performance measurement and analysis tools and provide instrumentation for measurability. This engineer is to be technically savvy, team oriented, has influencing and leadership abilities, creative, motivated, flexible, and driven to produce results. Education & Experience BS or MS in CS/CE or equivalent experience is expected. Additional Requirements Familiarity with Metal or OpenGL or DirectX Familiarity with iOS, Xcode, CPU/GPU Architecture Familiarity with Computer Vision, algorithms, Machine Learning Familiarity with GPU performance tuning techniques, GPU performance
Minimum Clearance Level: SECRET Positions support various Department of Defense customers defensive cyber operations missions with big data analytics and capabilities. The Data Scientist will have the following experience: Some familiarity with Big Data architectures. (E.G. Hadoop, Apache Spark) Ability to code in Apache Spark with Java, Scala, SQL, Python, and/or R Experience using Kibana as a visualization tool. Shiny would be nice but not necessary. Ability to quickly triage extremely large data sets to find anomalies and other use cases. Experience setting up and using the Elastic Search / Logstash/ Kibana stack (ELK or SOF-ELK) a plus. Experience making and using Jupiter/Orange/Adam/Zeppelin notebooks a plus Some knowledge of machine learning concepts a plus, but must be able to do analysis and analytics without ML frameworks Soft-skills are extremely important. Must help customers understand technical concepts in their vernacular. Military experience a plus.
Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global technology and data company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions for the advertising industry and we're looking for an Associate Big Data Engineer (entry-level) to join our Data Engineering team. If you are excited by technology that has the power to handle hundreds of thousands of transactions per second; collect tens of billions of events each day; and evaluate thousands of data-points in real-time all while responding in just a few milliseconds, then IAS is the place for you!  As an Associate Data Engineer you will build and expand upon the testing framework and testing infrastructure of IAS' core ad verification, analytics and anti ad fraud software products.  The ideal candidate is naturally curious, dedicated, detail-oriented with a strong desire to work with awesome people in a highly collaborative environment. You should be able to not take yourself too seriously as well.  What you'll do:  Extract, transform, and analyze large volumes of structured and unstructured data Implement data processing solutions using Big data stack including but not limited to Hadoop, Spark, Java Map Reduce, Pig and Hive Write SQL queries and other types of data requests in the context of massive data sets Build data pipelines and data stores optimized for data science needs Implement systems for large-scale data analysis and machine learning. Identify and implement automated tests for software components. Deploy and maintain data processing systems in production Partner with engineering teams on deployments of data science driven solutions  Who you are and what you have:  Technology enthusiast eager to learn and use new technologies Strong communication skills Team player 0-1 years professional experience programming in object oriented languages such as Java, Scala or Python Basic understanding of algorithms and data structures  What puts you over the top:  Bachelors in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electronics Engineering, or related fields Basic understanding of databases such as Oracle, Postgres, SQL Server, Snowflake or MySql Basic understanding of scripting using Perl or Shell Basic understanding of AWS Analytics technologies  About Integral Ad Science  Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global leader in digital ad verification, ensuring that ads are viewable by real people in safe and suitable environments. IAS's mission is to be the global benchmark for trust and transparency in digital media quality for the world's leading brands, publishers and platforms. We do this through data-driven technologies with actionable real-time signals and insight. Founded in 2009 and headquartered in New York, IAS works with thousands of top advertisers and premium publishers worldwide. IAS is part of the Vista Equity Partners portfolio of companies. For more information, visit integralads.com.  Equal Opportunity Employer:  IAS is an equal opportunity employer, committed to our diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age. We strongly encourage women, people of color, members of the LGBTQIA community, people with disabilities and veterans to apply.  California Applicant Pre-Collection Notice:  We collect personal information (PI) from you in connection with your application for employment or engagement with IAS, including the following categories of PI: identifiers, personal records, commercial information, professional or employment or engagement information, non-public education records, and inferences drawn from your PI. We collect your PI for our purposes, including performing services and operations related to your potential employment or engagement. For additional details or if you have questions, contact us at compliance@integralads.com.  To learn more about us, please visit http://integralads.com/ and https://muse.cm/2t8eGlN  Attention agency/3rd party recruiters: IAS does not accept any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles. If you are interested in becoming an IAS recruiting partner, please send an email introducing your company to recruitingagencies@integralads.com. We will get back to you if there's interest in a partnership.
Job Description Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as “Personal Cell” or “Cellular” in the contact information of your application. At Wells Fargo, we are looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. We are seeking candidates who embrace diversity, equity and inclusion in a workplace where everyone feels valued and inspired. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. The Strategy, Digital and Innovation (SDI) team forges the strategic direction of Wells Fargo, provides and manages our digital foundation and common capabilities, and transforms our business models to meet evolving customer needs and grow the company. The investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financial goals. Our Conversational AI Design & Implementation team is looking for an experienced Conversational Implementer who will be responsible for configuring and implementing advanced conversational experiences on our Virtual Assistant platforms that will reach over 30 million Wells Fargo customers. Responsibilities include: Partner with conversational designers to assist and validate designs for conversational experiencesWork closely with other members of our AI Product team and technology partners to implement advanced conversational experiencesImplement the “intents” and “entities” that define the conversation interaction, along with the associated business rules, logic, and API interactions that are required for sophisticated interactionsAct as a liaison between our AI Product team and Technology to ensure that our Virtual Assistant delivers intelligent and intuitive conversations, resulting in a great customer experience Required Qualifications 1+ year of experience in one or a combination of the following: Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Business Analytics/Insights, or Digital Products/Program Management; or a BS/BA degree or higher in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics, or Computer Science demonstrated through work or military experience Desired Qualifications Ability to be proactive, innovative and creative in meeting customer and enterprise needs Ability to develop and execute business vision, strategies, and goals Ability to develop partnerships and collaborate with other business and functional areas Ability to execute in a fast paced, high demand, environment while balancing multiple priorities Ability to work and influence successfully within a matrix environment and build effective business partnerships with all levels of team members Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Knowledge and understanding of Artificial Intelligence (AI) disciplines such as Machine Learning or Natural Language Processing Experience with Artificial Intelligence (AI) industry trends and business applications Other Desired Qualifications  1-3 years experience developing and deploying conversational virtual assistants 1-3 years hands-on experience utilizing platforms like Amazon Lex, Google Dialogflow, IBM Watson, Microsoft Bot Framework, Kore.AI, Rasa, or Clinc Solid understanding of conversational dialog systems, natural language processing (NLP) fundamentals, and machine learning Fluency in writing code in Python, JavaScript, C++ or some other high-level language BS in computer science, machine learning, human computer interaction or related fields  Job Expectations Ability to travel up to 20% of the time Willingness to work on-site at stated location on the job opening Street Address CA-SF-Financial District: 333 Market St - San Francisco, CA NC-Charlotte: 401 S Tryon St - Charlotte, NC NY-New York: 150 E 42nd St - New York, NY AZ-PHX-Central Phoenix: 100 W Washington St - Phoenix, AZ Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation. Benefits Summary Benefits Visit https://www.wellsfargo.com/about/careers/benefits for benefits information.
StataCorp is interested in statistics and communication of statistical concepts, as well as statistical software. We are seeking a person who understands statistics and has an exceptional ability to explain statistical applications, statistical concepts, and Stata software to applied researchers. The successful applicant will contribute to Stata documentation and other material related to Stata software. Other materials may include Stata blog posts, FAQs, Stata Press books, training materials, videos, and webinars. The successful applicant will be encouraged to continually develop a broader knowledge of statistics. Job duties Working with statisticians and software developers at StataCorp to produce the Stata documentation Editing and writing blog entries, FAQs, and related resources Editing, authoring, and coauthoring Stata Press books Continually broadening and updating knowledge on statistical practice Attending discipline-specific conferences and giving presentations at events such as Stata conferences  Candidate requirements A passion for explaining complex technical topics to a broad audience Knowledge of applied statistics Experience writing course materials, presentations, or articles Superb communication skills, including the ability to write and to edit documents in English An interest in learning new areas of statistics A PhD, master's, or equivalent knowledge and job experience in statistics, econometrics, or another science-related field (the degree is not the requirement; the knowledge and passion are)  Starting salary is commensurate with experience. StataCorp offers an excellent benefits package. Employees work only 4 weekdays, enjoying a great work-life balance. We are a rapidly growing company, and this position has significant potential for growth in responsibility and compensation upon proven performance.  StataCorp LLC is an Affirmative Action Employer — Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability
Summary Posted: Apr 19, 2021 Role Number:200174899 Apple is looking for Machine Learning/Deep Learning infrastructure engineers to develop infrastructure for various ML/DL applications. Your work will enable researchers and engineers to build production ML/DL models at scale. Join Apple and help us leave the world better than we found it! WHAT YOU’LL DO - Develop highly scalable and reliable machine learning infrastructure that can perform model training and evaluation on a massive scale. - Build vital tools and infrastructure to monitor and understand the performance of complex systems. - Support the team to deploy models in a mission critical environment. Key Qualifications Strong background in building scalable and fault-tolerant distributed systems. Ideal candidates have past experience in building applications such as data pipelines, data caching/storage systems, and/or RPC services. Strong programming background, with extensive experience in Python. Experience with C++ is a plus. Familiarities with gRPC, ML model deployments, Ray, Spark, full-stack web developments are a plus. Previous experience with developing machine learning infrastructure or experience in using GPUs is a plus. Description You’ll join a phenomenal team of hardworking engineers and researchers with deep experience in robotics, machine learning, and software engineering. We hope you’re excited about the values that drive us: - Passion for the mission: We’re here to make something great. We take on whatever work is right for the product and strive for the best possible results. - Modesty: The right answer is more important than being right. We search for solutions as a team and value clear-eyed feedback. - Lean habits: You can’t grow without limits. Time constraints and big goals encourage us to sharpen our focus and learn to make great decisions. Education & Experience Bachelors, Masters, or PhD Degree in Computer Science or equivalent professional experience.
Overview: We are looking for a curious, detail-oriented, and analytical Intelligence Analyst with exceptional communication skills and a strong a academic background to join the team. This is an entry level position and ideal role for recent graduates with an interest in technology.*Important: This role is on site in the Weston, FL office locationMust be willing to regularly work on weekends and holidays (for example Saturdays on, Wednesdays off)Requirements: Natural curiosity and desire to learn new skills, discover and identify trends, and collect and analyze dataAbility to work in high-stress and intense environments with frequently changing demands, accept constructive criticism, make necessary adjustments, and move forwardMust be able to absorb, retain, and apply new information quickly and efficientlyExceptional time-management and decision-making skills - use learned information to make informed decisionsStrong technical aptitude and research skills - using various techniques and tools, including Microsoft Office toolsWillingness to accept tasks of varying scope - hands-on team player, completes assignments with a focus on professionalism and quality no matter the taskResponsibilities: Conduct extensive internet research related to client’s business based on search criteria provided by supervisorUtilize training, strong decision-making skills, and good judgment, to follow potential leadsIdentify specific information or risk based on information found and track the associated pathCollaborate with team members on specific findings and best approach to move forward and eliminate risks for the clientCollect data and other metrics based on search criteria and information found and analyze further to identify trends and potential solutions to associated riskCompile data and information found into reports and presentations that clearly express the findings, including where the data was found and the associated risk as well as possible solutionsRequirements: Bachelor's degree in a STEM area (Computer Science, IT, Data Science, Information Systems, Statistics/Mathematics, Engineering, etc.)Job Type: Full-timePay: From $20.00 per hourBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Day shiftHolidaysMonday to FridayWeekend availabilityApplication Question(s):Are you open to a work schedule that includes Saturday or Sunday in place of a normal weekday? (for example, working Sundays instead of Thursdays)What is the best email address to reach you regarding this role?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
ABOUT FANDUEL GROUP  FanDuel Group is a world-class team of brands and products all built with one goal in mind â€” to give fans new and innovative ways to interact with their favorite games, sports, teams, and leagues. That's no easy task, which is why we're so dedicated to building a winning team. And make no mistake, we are here to win, but we believe in winning right. That means we'll never compromise when it comes to looking out for our teammates. From our many opportunities for professional development to our generous insurance and paid leave policies, we're committed to making sure our employees get as much out of FanDuel as we ask them to give.  FanDuel Group is based in New York, with offices in California, New Jersey, Florida, Oregon and Scotland. Our brands include:  FanDuel â€” A game-changing real-money fantasy sports app FanDuel Sportsbook â€” America's #1 sports betting app TVG â€” The best-in-class horse racing TV/media network and betting platform FanDuel Racing â€” A horse racing app built for the average sports fan FanDuel Casino & Betfair Casino â€” Fan-favorite online casino apps FOXBet â€” A world-class betting platform and affiliate of FanDuel Group PokerStars â€” The premier online poker product and affiliate of FanDuel Group  THE POSITION  Our roster has an opening with your name on it  We are looking for a Data Scientist for our Sports Modeling & Innovation team to tackle our most challenging sports modeling problems. Throughout the lifecycle of a model, from data collection through results, you will create predictive models of sports to build tools and dashboards, price markets, and drive actionable insights across FanDuel Group. You will be working closely with the product and risk and trading teams, modeling player performance, team performance, and game outcomes among other challenges You will promote effective communication of model outputs and contribute to a collaborative code environment.  THE GAME PLAN Everyone on our team has a part to play  Develop, iterate, and take to production machine learning models to predict sports outcomes and solve problems Iterate and improve on betting product range to ensure market leading offering Continuous improvement in pricing techniques - both at an individual level and working with trading teams to optimize predictive and derivative model pricing Construct models, analyses and solutions in response to a question or problem posed by a stakeholder or colleague Manage the data preparation process from collection through cleaning Build robust predictive models, showing capabilities of feature and model selection Contribute to a production code environment Work with decision-makers across the company to understand their goals, identify opportunities to use data to develop new insights and improve business results Create dashboards and data visualizations for analysis and communication  THE STATS  What we're looking for in our next teammate  A minimum of 1 year of Industry Experience in data science, analytics or engineering preferred Bachelor's Degree in a highly numerate major (Math, Stats, Econ, etc.) or relevant experience in data science preferred Strong analytical and quantitative skills, with high proficiency in Python or R, and SQL Understanding and application of Bayesian statistics Experience building and using models to help create production level products and tools Comfortable with command line tools and GitHub Object-oriented design and coding skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work across teams, locations and time zones Interest or experience in Sports Gaming and/or Fantasy Sports  THE CONTRACT We treat our team right  Competitive compensation is just the beginning. As part of our team, you can expect:  An exciting and fun environment committed to driving real growth Opportunities to build really cool products that fans love Mentorship and professional development resources to help you refine your game Flexible vacation allowance to let you refuel Hall of Fame benefit programs and platforms  FanDuel Group is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing employees so that they reach their full potential.
The R&D Data Scientist will lead the collection, storage, and analysis of environmental and experimental data to detect and report on trends and findings. The position will lead efforts to advance the growing facilities through optimization and toward machine learning. The successful candidate will be a key member of the Research & Development Team and play an exciting role in the optimization and development of the Company’s controlled environments agricultural facilities nationwide.ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:  (Non-Essential Functions are preceded by an *)Lead collection & analysis of environmental control data and reportingManagement and selection of agricultural/crop sensorsPerform trending analysesLead dashboard creation to clearly communicate data and findingsLead efforts to advance the indoor growing facilities toward machine learningPerform other duties as assignedREQUIRED EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE: Ph.D. (preferred) or M.S. degree in statistics, applied math, data science, or a related fieldPREFERRED EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE: Experience in decision tree, multivariate analyses (i.e. PCA), clustering algorithms, deep Learning – neural networksProficiency in R & PythonFamiliarity with horticultural control systemsADDITIONAL ELIGIBILITY QUALIFICATIONS: Positive attitude with a drive to be the bestWorking knowledge of SGI products and processingA passion for science, analysis, and problem solvingAbility to work safely at all timesExcellent written and verbal communication skills and presentation skillsCreativity, technical knowledge, and interest in learning from othersAbility to work independently and in a team environmentStrong work ethic and the ability to work in a fast-paced environmentJob Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $115,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Day shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Master's (Required)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
About Us Massive Bio’s mission? Changing lives for cancer patients.  We believe every cancer patient, regardless of circumstances, deserves access to the most advanced treatment options available. We help patients find and enroll into oncology clinical trials that are right for them. Our Artificial Intelligence (AI)-driven platform connects cancer patients and their doctors to bio-pharmaceutical clinical trials.  Massive Bio serves nearly two dozen pharmaceutical companies and contract research organizations (CROs) providing patient recruitment, site selection and real-world data services in oncology. Founded in 2015, Massive Bio is headquartered in NYC and is privately funded.  We prize self-directed, ambitious, quick thinking mavericks as players on our team. Those not afraid to: fail faster, try new things, confront challenges, communicate and think critically, and above all—ACT. Our team has no time to waste. We are changing lives as we bring all options to oncology patients. Medical Data Case Coordinator - Remote In this remote role, you will be key to facilitating patient enrollment into clinical trials. You care about patients and their families. You will be instrumental to getting patients enrolled in record time and with minimal confusion. You will work closely with our Patient Advocacy and Case Management departments to ensure all patient records are pertinent and up to date as well as aide the Case Management team in patient follow-up for non-priority trials. This patient facing role requires high attention to details coupled with a good understanding of case management and patient advocacy. Key responsibilities will include: Collect patient health records Audit records to ensure data quality Proactively follow up with patients who are enrolled in identified trials Contacting, researching, and helping enroll eligible patients into trials Patient scheduling (e.g. trial site appointments) Skills, abilities, and knowledge: Exceptional organization and administrative skills Experience working with patient records Experience scheduling patient appointments Problem solving Customer service skills Strong written and verbal communication skills Compassionate demeanor Education and experience: Medical assistant b/g (e.g working in a doctor’s office) Certificate in Life Sciences or equivalent experience Education and experience: High School Diploma or GED Certificate in Life Sciences or equivalent experience We would like to tell you more about our story, and how you can make a maximum impact in oncology patients’ lives. sBYEt9tuyq
Facebook is seeking Research Scientist to join the Adaptive Experimentation team. The mission of the team is to do cutting-edge research and build new tools for reinforcement learning and black-box optimization that democratize new and emerging uses of AI technologies across Facebook, Instagram, and sister companies. Applications range from AutoML, to automating A/B tests, to contextual decision-making for mobile and server-side infrastructure, to black-box optimization for hardware design.Researcher will be expected to conduct cutting-edge applied research in the area of reinforcement learning and black-box optimization while working collaboratively with teams across the company to solve important problems. Research Scientists are expected to work alongside with applied statisticians specializing in causal inference and experimental design, so additional experience in these areas is a plus. Develop and apply new adaptive experimentation methods, such as multi-armed bandit optimization and reinforcement learning, to new and emerging applications Experience with developing and debugging in with Python with PyTorch, TensorFlow, Caffe, or related frameworks Experience and a publication track record in at least one of the following: Deep reinforcement learning, Contextual bandits, AutoML, Bayesian optimization, or Evolutionary strategies or evolutionary algorithms Currently has or is in the process of obtaining a Ph.D. degree in computer science, operations research, statistics, or related field Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment An interest in disseminating new methods through open-source projects and/or academic publications. First-author publications at peer-reviewed AI conferences (e.g. NIPS, ICML, ICLR, AISTATS, UAI). Experience with causal inference, applied statistics, or A/B testing. Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
Company Description Proximate Technologies Inc is in staffing and consulting since 2004, we are immensely successful in creating a global network of highly adopt intelligent workforce that can help you achieve critical projects and goals. Keeping pace with projects and being on the lookout for the extremely talented individuals has become even more challenging and here is where Proximate comes in to play! We have been providing top consulting services and we are one of the fastest growing IT Consulting Firm in this complex job market with cutting-edge technologies in project implementing services and client recruitment capabilities. Our vision is to support services needs of our clients and offer them technology-driven business solutions that meet their goals and corporate objectives.  Job Description  Design and analyze experiments to verify product hypothesis and direction Audit quality of launch experiment results and guarantee correct measurement of product or technical changes' impact Keep track of core metrics and attribute metrics changes to root causes Analyze market dynamics, potential gain and cost of new product initiatives, and consult on product strategy Use data and experiment to verify hypothesis around bottlenecks in product growth, and consult on direction for improvement Work with engineers and product stakeholders to deliver product insights.  Qualifications  Master degree in Computer Science , Electrical Engineering and Information Technology Expertise in SQL and programming in Python or R Knowledge in basic machine learning and deep learning Strong communication and teamwork skills Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
Minimum qualifications:  Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or equivalent practical experience. Experience with programmatic layout and verification software. Experience with Python or other programming languages. Experience with software design/development  Preferred qualifications:  Experience with version control. Experience with emerging and experimental technologies (MRAM, Photonics, RSFQ). Knowledge of Cadence DFII SKILL, PCell development. Familiarity with integrated circuits (IC) fabrication processes. About the job As a Layout Hardware Engineer, you will support the physical design of quantum processors and associated analog, DC, and RF devices. You will work closely with designs and architectures as our devices scale in size and complexity. Your activities will span from laying out specific test masks, to integrating physical design metadata into software touching all aspects of the research activity. Responsibilities Leverage programmatic layout tools to integrate metadata into all aspects of the research activity (e.g., device probing, packaging, simulation, and measurement setups). Develop programmatic layout infrastructure for speeding up and simplifying layout workflow from initial layout to final tapeout. Support the Device team with layout projects. Support custom process design kits (PDKs) and design rule check (DRC). Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form.
The Research Data Scientist will join a collaborative and fast-paced research team at the F.I. Proctor Foundation studying eye diseases in the U.S. and internationally. Researchers at the F.I. Proctor Foundation conduct randomized controlled trials and large epidemiological studies on ocular diseases that can cause blindness, and is widely regarded as the pre-eminent center for eye-related research in the world. The epidemiological studies involve large-scale, population-based research of electronic health records databases with millions of observations (“Big Data”), and the trials involve domestic and international collaboration. The Research Data Scientist will work collaboratively with other team members and the Principal Investigator (PI) on National Institutes of Health (NIH)-funded research.  The Research Data Scientist will support research studies throughout the data science workflow, including: literature review of relevant background material, refinement of study questions and drafting of the statistical analysis plan, data collection and retrieval, data management and processing, data analysis, data visualization and contribution to peer-reviewed articles. The position requires a team member that is comfortable with self-directed work and can work in a diverse team environment. Department Description The F.I. Proctor Foundation for Research in Ophthalmology at UCSF is committed to engaging in research activities and providing state-of-art patient care that address infectious and inflammatory disease that cause blindness. The Foundation’s mission is the prevention of blindness worldwide through research and teaching focused on infectious and inflammatory eye disease. The Proctor Foundation currently has >10 active field trials funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Required Qualifications BA/BS with a coursework in quantitative analysis (i.e. biostatistics, statistics, epidemiology, data science, mathematics, computer science or related field) or equivalent experience/training1 or more years of work experience in practical data analysis or related work experience (including internships, part-time work, research assistant positions through school)Strong working skills with RStrong writing/communication skillsAbility to work in a diverse team environment Preferred Qualifications Graduate degree in statistics, biostatistics, epidemiology or related field1-2 years of work experience in practical data analysisWorking skills with SQLExperience with large databases or claims databases About UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences. We bring together the world’s leading experts in nearly every area of health. We are home to five Nobel laureates who have advanced the understanding of cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, aging and stem cells. Pride Values UCSF is a diverse community made of people with many skills and talents. We seek candidates whose work experience or community service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to professionalism, respect, integrity, diversity and excellence – also known as our PRIDE values.   In addition to our PRIDE values, UCSF is committed to equity – both in how we deliver care as well as our workforce. We are committed to building a broadly diverse community, nurturing a culture that is welcoming and supportive, and engaging diverse ideas for the provision of culturally competent education, discovery, and patient care. Additional information about UCSF is available at diversity.ucsf.edu   Join us to find a rewarding career contributing to improving healthcare worldwide. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Organization Campus Job Code and Payroll Title 006256 RSCH DATA ANL 2 Job Category Professional and Managerial, Research and Scientific Bargaining Unit 99 - Policy-Covered (No Bargaining Unit) Employee Class Career Percentage 100% Location Mission Bay (SF) Shift Days Shift Length 8 Hours Additional Shift Details Monday - Friday, 8:00 am - 4:30 pm
How you’ll make an impact: As a Data Analyst on the Data Science team, you will have the opportunity to work with many of the nation’s leading healthcare providers in utilizing their financial, operational, and clinical data to drive their mission of providing world-class care while improving financial health. Your work will bring new insights to individual clients, client collaboratives and the industry. Responsibilities include:Applying data mining techniques and statistical analysis to healthcare and financial data across our customer baseExtracting, cleansing, and validating the data used for analysesDeveloping and maintaining automated processes and workflows to improve efficiency and consistency with handling dataExtending company’s data with third party sources of information when neededEnhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systemsWorking within the data science team to enhance the StrataSphere productsProviding quality assurance on StrataSphere products and working with data science team to correct errorsMeeting with clients and other Strata team members to answer their questions about the data or analyticsConducting ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clean, clear and actionable mannerCreating analytics in Tableau and Excel and sharing with clients and answering questionsCreating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performancePartnering with Data Scientists to assist in advanced modelingWhat we’re looking for: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent years of Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or Engineeringwork experience.1-3 years’ experience using statistical data analysis techniquesExperience working with large, complex data setsAbility to install and configure tools needed for analysis of large data setsStrong scripting and programming skills using common data science languages such as R and Python.Ability to present results of analysis to differing audiences within healthcare on both the financial and clinical sideExperience working with clients to investigate data challenges and collaborate with clients on solution developmentExperience with data visualization tools, such as TableauProficiency in using SQLExperience with cloud computing services such as AWS, Sagemaker and SnowflakeStrong applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.An affinity to data science and wants to learn moreData-oriented personalityAbility to travel up to 10%Thinking* about applying?*Research shows that women and underrepresented groups tend to apply to jobs only when they check every box on a job posting. If you’re currently reading this and hesitating to click “Apply” for that reason, we encourage you to go for it! A true passion and excitement for making an impact is just as important as work experience.Here @ Strata…Who we are:We are committed to our mission to help heal healthcare. Our culture is driven by our people solving problems together. We embrace learning, collaboration, and continuous career growth. Together, we lift our customers, our products, our company, and our community.We believe that each of our team member’s unique perspectives and experiences is what drives innovation and positive change. Our individual differences are what make us a more forward-thinking organization. We foster a culture of inclusion, equity and belonging, regardless of race, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.Our values:Here at Strata, we are guided by a set of principles called the StrataWay. These values keep us honest and ensure that we are always representing ourselves and our organization as best we can. They are at the core of who we are and how we support one another.Serve:  We partner with our customers to provide quality solutions that will make their lives easier. We extend service to our community to drive purposeful change.Rock:  Our work makes a meaningful impact, no matter what role we play on the team. We are open and receptive to new ways of doing things, always innovating, and never becoming complacent.Grow:  We are life-long learners and embrace change that will help us grow professionally and personally. We embrace a culture of feedback and acknowledge that progress is more important than perfection.Pro:  We show up every day as the best version of ourselves. We treat others as we would want to be treated (and then some). We commit to getting better every day in everything that we do, upholding the highest level of integrity even in the face of challenges.Our Impact:Strata Decision Technology provides an innovative set of software and service solutions to help healthcare providers better analyze, plan and perform in support of caring for their community and reducing the cost of care. Our customer base includes over 2,000 hospitals and over 400 healthcare delivery systems. Founded in 1996, our mission is to Help Heal Healthcare™. For more information, please go to www.stratadecision.com.Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesThe contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)Job Type: Full-time
About Us:  Liberty Lending is a fintech company that offers consumers a digital banking and lending platform with the mission of helping everyone make financial progress. The company was founded in 2015 by a Team that has deep experience in building customer-centric, data-driven products that make personal finance simple and intuitive. Since our founding, we have broadened our mission beyond lending and are focusing on innovating more broadly in banking and personal finance to empower consumers and give them the access and confidence to make better financial decisions. What sets us apart is our data and product capabilities, our people, our appetite for disruption and relentless focus on the consumer in a world where the choices for consumers are overwhelming. With our expanding suite of lending and banking services that will be delivered through best-in-class digital products and experiences, we are focused on helping consumers de-mystify personal finances so that can live better lives.   At Liberty Lending, we are passionate about revolutionizing the old financial norms that consumers are faced with to make credit more accessible and everyday spending decisions more manageable. We believe that if our customers can see the financial future they want, all they need is the right tools, and a bit of coaching to make it a reality.   What You'll Do: Develop, manage, and maintain reports on product performance, operations and risk metrics. Establish KPIs to measure the effectiveness of business decisions. Synthesize raw data from various sources into actionable insights to drive business results, identify trends, and opportunities. Build reports, presentations and dashboards that effectively showcase and communicate trends, patterns and predictions using relevant data. Deliver on various data and reporting projects end-to-end, including requirements identification and gathering, timelines, cross-departmental coordination, and risk/dependency assessment and monitoring. Collaborate with product managers and other team members to better understand and optimize our user acquisition and retention. Work closely with data scientists and data engineers to design and maintain scalable data models and pipelines. Formulate business insights on growing the business, improving efficiency, and deepening customer and departmental relationships based on data. Collaborate with engineers and organizational leaders to identify opportunities for process improvements, recommend system modifications, and develop policies for data governance.   Your Background:  Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field: Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Data Science or related field. Master's degree in analytics, computer modeling, science, or math is a plus. 3+ year's work experience in the consumer lending industry. Understanding of the key drivers of consumer loan/credit card financials and the underlying consumer behaviors Demonstrated attention to detail with the ability to think strategically and problem solve. Proficient Microsoft Office and advanced Microsoft Excel Proficient in SQL Experience with data processing, analysis, and automation skills with Python Possesses Tableau, Looker or similar coding skills with experience developing visualizations that provide an accessible way to see and understand trends, outliers, and data patterns. Good business acumen and the ability to associate and contrast insights with business objectives and decisions. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to convey complex information in a digestible and compelling manner.   Why Join Us?  Be a part of a pioneering growth company located in the financial district of NYC Experience the excitement and learn from being part of an incredibly fast-growing and young company Be pivotal in scaling the business and join an early stage fin tech Enjoy the agility and geographic flexibility offered by a startup culture - sociable and friendly work environment Huge opportunities to grow and develop â€“ Chief Revenue Officer is a 20 year+ veteran in data-driven consumer finance   What We Offer  We believe in a team-first culture, with growth and recognition for our team members. We are dedicated to our team member's success and growth within the company.  Our extensive benefits package includes:  Medical, Dental, and Vision Benefits 401(k) match Paid Holidays, Sick Days, and Vacation 10 weeks paid parental leave Pre-tax Transit Benefits Discounted Gym Membership No-cost Life Insurance Benefits   COVID-19 Considerations: Liberty Lending is currently remotely due to COVID-19, but we are asking for flexibility going forward as circumstances change and we determine to transition teams back to work in the office. The following are requirements to perform this role while working from home:  Have a quiet, dedicated space at home that meets your ergonomic needs where you can work uninterrupted Have high speed internet Some positions require a direct connection into your modem/router (not via wifi) Be comfortable trouble shooting technical issues without in-person IT support   Liberty Lending is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, color, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other protected characteristic as outlined by federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all employment practices within our organization, including hiring, recruiting, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, leave of absence, compensation, benefits, training, and apprenticeship. Liberty Lending makes hiring decisions based solely on qualifications, merit, and business needs at the time.
Job Title: Entry Level Language Data AnalystHiring language auditors for the German language!Volga Partners is currently hiring for candidates for Data Analyst role! Rate: $15.00/hour [If applicable, Volga Partners follows all state and city's minimum wage requirements in respective city and/or state of applicant.]Job Brief: Data analyst play a vital role in researching information for various entities, tools, and data provided during the on-job training. Candidate should possess good logical and analytical skills to judge the data and give the reasoning.Interprets data and turns it into information which can offer ways to improve a businessTake batches of data, to label and manipulate according to the project requirements with sufficient level of accuracyOwn the quality of all training data and work on proactively identifying issuesWork closely with Data Science and Product team on multiple projects to present data quality metrics & identifying new attributesResponsibilities and Duties: Flexibility to respond and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently highly organized with attention to detail and a commitment to quality Being able to track and analyze.Regularly working on different kinds of tools which include UHRS.Focusing on the task at hand and most importantly should have sharp cognitive skills.Key Skills: Good oral and written communication Native language skills and cultural awareness of the target locale ability to understand and prioritize tasks. The ideal person should also be fluent in spoken English and also understand how people talk commonly in the workplace, at home and in the street and also have good writing skills.Required Experience and Qualifications: EXPERTISE (Reading, writing and/or speaking) in both English and German language.Mandatory - very Important to have exposure to countries where these languages are spoken and ability to speak to write in English fluently.Associate degree/ certification in IT/ Communication/Research in similar fields (Preferred, but not required.)Excellent computer skills, especially typing and written.Attention to detail.Multilingual may be preferred or required.Desire to be proactive and create a positive experience for others.Work Authorization: Must have valid work authorization to work in United States. Background Check: Background checks are mandatory for this position.Currently hiring candidates in the following states: AZ - Arizona FL - Florida MA - Massachusetts MI - Michigan NY - New York OH - Ohio PA - Pennsylvania TX - Texas VA - Virginia and WA - Washington.Please read requirement thoroughly before applying: Must have own device (laptop/device).Currently hiring for part-time position, but likely to become full-time.For part time position, must be available to work minimum between 10am-2pm Pacific Standard Time.Must be flexible with training hours for the first few weeks.For full time position, must be available to work between 9am-5pm Pacific Standard Time.Must be flexible with hours. For this position, we are seeking candidates with flexibility to work between 80-160 hours a month. Ideally, candidates with availability to work at least 4 hours a day (Pacific Standard Time Zone), but varies depending on projects.Experience with UHRS platform is a plus!Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract, TemporaryPay: $15.00 per hourBenefits:Paid time offSchedule:Day shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Do you have UHRS experience? If so, how many years?This position starts out part time. Are you open to full time position in the future?Required: Which language are your applying for? Please refer to job posting for language expertise requirement.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes
You didn't have my dream job so I'm submitting a General Application  AbSci is a leading synthetic biology company that translates ideas into drugs with a platform technology that reinvents the biopharmaceutical drug discovery process. We custom engineer E. coli to create novel complex biologics in their full length format while simultaneously developing production cell lines. We are deploying cutting edge deep learning artificial intelligence to inform our designs, and every day we succeed in achieving things others have dismissed as impossible. With more than a dozen partnerships in place with top pharma and industry leaders, our collaborations include projects for drugs and drug candidates that range across multiple protein types and therapeutic functionality. We are continually innovating, expanding the scope of what we can do and the impact we can have as we help get better drugs to patients...sooner. We are based in Vancouver, Washington, ten minutes from Portland, Oregon and an hour from world class alpine terrain and rugged Pacific coastlines. Job Description  We are always looking for great talent for our future roles and maybe that right one will be available tomorrow! Please feel free to send your application and we can consider you when the time comes.  Areas of focus  Strain and Metabolic Engineering Analytical Chemistry Protein Purification Fermentation Bioinformatics Software Engineering and Data Science Machine Learning and AI Business Development Corporate (Legal, Administration, Finance, HR, etc.)  Qualifications  We seek candidates who will dive all in to participate in our creative company culture that's collaborative, multidisciplinary, and committed to a big vision for positive impact. We are defying conventions and innovating without boundaries. We are disrupting an industry with bold ideas and passionate pursuit of new possibilities. We are looking for original thinkers, creative scientists, and data-devoted gurus. Successful candidates will be excited to work in a dynamic startup environment and contribute as a key member of a project team. If this sounds good to you, we invite you to join us in our quest to redefine possible.
Duties Summary This position is located in the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, Center for Financing, Access, and Cost Trends, Division of Statistical and Research Methods. The duty location is in Rockville, MD.  **Applicants please note: Additional selections may be made across the Department of Health and Human Services through this vacancy announcement.** Responsibilities Applications received as a result of job fairs, recruitment events, and emergency hiring mechanisms in support of this hiring initiative will also be accepted during open and closing date of this announcement.  As a Mathematical Statistician in the Division of Statistical and Research Methods, you will conduct research applying principles of mathematical statistics to complex issues in health care financing and healthcare services research.  Specifically, you will:  Develop a research agenda related to improvements in the efficiency of data collection processes and the quality of data produced using substantive research tools from the fields of statistics, demography, sociology and survey research methods. Provide expert technical expertise on statistical issues related to establishment surveys including sampling, estimation, nonresponse bias, data quality, and standards for disclosure avoidance. Determine the usefulness of research findings to various audiences and facilities, the dissemination of results through extensive contact with other researchers and persons requesting data or technical assistance. Provide technical assistance and scientific advice to AHRQ, other departments and Agencies, and researchers under government contract or grants in universities and in and proprietary and not-for-profit research organizations. This may involve providing research findings, advice on study design, sampling data collections, management of data files, data processing, and analysis. NOTE: Do not cut and paste the duties, specialized experience, or occupational assessment questionnaire from this announcement into your resume as that will not be considered a demonstration of your qualifications for this position. Travel Required Not required Supervisory status No Promotion Potential None Job family (Series) 1529 Mathematical Statistics Similar jobs Statisticians Statisticians, Survey Survey Statisticians Requirements  Requirements Conditions of Employment U. S. Citizenship is required. Males ages 18 through 25 must be registered with the Selective Service. Employment is subject to the successful completion of the pre-appointment process (i.e., background investigation, verification of qualifications and job requirements, completion of onboarding forms, submission of required documents, etc.) PHS Commissioned Corps applicants must submit current personnel orders. This position has an education requirement - transcripts are required. A one year probationary period may be required. Position is not in the Bargaining Unit. Drug Screening is not required. Recruitment incentives are not authorized. Student loan repayment incentive is not authorized. Qualifications THESE QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS MUST BE MET BY THE CLOSING DATE: 08/13/2021  OPM Individual Occupational Requirements for the 1529 series:   BASIC REQUIREMENTS:  A. Degree: that included 24 semester hours of mathematics and statistics, of which at least 12 semester hours were in mathematics and 6 semester hours were in statistics. Courses acceptable toward meeting the mathematics course requirement of paragraphs A or B above must have included at least four of the following: differential calculus, integral calculus, advanced calculus, theory of equations, vector analysis, advanced algebra, linear algebra, mathematical logic, differential equations, or any other advanced course in mathematics for which one of these was a prerequisite. Courses in mathematical statistics or probability theory with a prerequisite of elementary calculus or more advanced courses will be accepted toward meeting the mathematics requirements, with the provision that the same course cannot be counted toward both the mathematics and the statistics requirement.  OR  B. If your degree does not include all of the required coursework for A. You may meet the IOR based on a combination of education and experience. Your education must include the course as shown in A above (at least 24 semester hours of mathematics and statistics, including at least 12 hours in mathematics and 6 hours in statistics), plus appropriate experience or additional education. Applicable experience should include evidence of statistical work such as (a) sampling, (b) collecting, computing, and analyzing statistical data, and (c) applying known statistical techniques to data such as measurement of central tendency, dispersion, skewness, sampling error, simple and multiple correlation, analysis of variance, and tests of significance.  NOTE: Without other indications of statistical experience, work required in the processing of numerical or quantified information by other than statistical methods is not considered appropriate qualifying experience. Examples of such nonqualifying work include statistical clerical work; statistical drafting; calculation of totals, averages, percentages, or other arithmetic summations; preparation of simple tables or charts; or verification of data by simple comparison or proofreading.  SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENT:  In addition to the OPM Education requirements, to qualify for this GS-15 position, your resume must clearly demonstrate that you have one full year of specialized experience comparable in difficulty and responsibility to at least the GS-14 level in federal service.  Specialized Experience is experience that has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position and is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. To be creditable, an applicant's one full year of specialized experience must demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary for successful job performance.  Examples of qualifying specialized experience equal to the GS-14 level include performing the following types of tasks on a regular and recurring basis:  Leading the estimation strategy or overall survey design of a large data collection or data development effort on behalf of an organization; facilitating the dissemination of results through extensive contact with other researchers and persons requesting data or technical assistance; and providing technical advice and guidance to decision makers on complex and intractable design and analytical issues associated with national surveys.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; community; student; social). If such experience is on a part-time basis, you must provide the average number of hours worked per week as well as the beginning and ending dates of the experience so it can be fully credited.  TO PREVIEW THE OCCUPATIONAL ASSESSMENT QUESTIONNAIRE, please click on the following link: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11165389 Education This position has an education requirement. You must submit a copy of your transcripts (or a list of your courses including titles, credit hours completed and grades) to document that you have met the education requirement. Unofficial transcripts will be accepted in the application package. Official transcripts will be required prior to your starting work.  Foreign Education: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov.  Applications can be accepted from students who expect to complete qualifying education within 9 months from the date of application. However, agencies must verify that the education was completed successfully before the applicant can be appointed. Additional information If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.  HHS is an equal opportunity employer. Selection for this position will be based solely on merit without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, national origin, political affiliation, disability, sexual orientation, marital or family status or other differences.  Click here for information on "Federal hiring for individuals with disabilities".  Security and Background Requirements: If not previously completed, a background security investigation will be required for all appointees. Appointment will be subject to the applicant's successful completion of a background security investigation and favorable adjudication. False representation may be grounds for non-consideration, non-selection and/or appropriate disciplinary action. E-Verify: AHRQ participates in the USCIS Electronic Employment Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify). E-Verify helps employers determine employment eligibility of new hires and the validity of their social security numbers. Direct Deposit: All Federal employees are required to have Federal salary payments made by direct deposit to a financial institution of their choosing. Creditable Service: A newly appointed or reappointed employee may receive service credit for annual leave for prior work experience directly related to the duties of the position being filled. The use of this service credit is at the discretion of the selecting official and must be finalized prior to selectee's entrance on duty. For more information, please click here. Financial Disclosure: This position requires you to file a public or confidential financial disclosure report prior to receiving a final offer letter as well as within 30 days of your appointment. This will require you to report information such as recent sources of income, financial interests you hold, and outside activities you participate in, as well as similar information from a spouse or any dependent children. If you have questions, please contact AskHR@hrsa.gov.   Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP)/ Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): Click here for information on how to apply as an CTAP/ICTAP eligible. To exercise selection priority for this vacancy the displaced Federal employee must be found well-qualified.  AHRQ supports the use of telework as a way to help attract and retain talented individuals in public service, increase worker productivity, and better prepare the agency to operate during emergencies. Telework eligibility may be discussed during the interview process.   How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. This is a Direct-Hire Authority position, traditional rating and ranking of applicants does not apply to this vacancy. Veterans' Preference does not apply to direct hire recruitment procedures.  Your application will be reviewed to ensure that you meet the minimum qualification requirements for this position. All applicants who meet the minimum qualifications will be referred for consideration in accordance with the Office of Personnel Management Direct Hire Authority.  Additional selections may be made for similar positions across the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) within the local commuting area(s) of the location identified in this announcement. By applying, you agree to have your application shared with interested selecting official(s) at HHS. Clearance of CTAP/ICTAP will be applied for similar positions across HHS.   To determine your qualifications and referral status, we may review your resume and supporting documentation and compare it against your responses to the vacancy questionnaire. Ensure you support your self-ratings by the information you provide in your application. We may verify or assess your qualifications at any time. Inflated or unsupported qualifications may affect your rating. Any misrepresentation or material omission of facts may be sufficient cause to end further consideration of your candidacy. Persons listed as having knowledge of your past accomplishments or experience in your application may be contacted for verification purposes at any time. Verification may, but need not, begin prior to receiving an offer.  Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.  Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Other Drug test required No Required Documents  Required Documents This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please contact either HRSA's Office of Human Resources at (301) 443-3780 or by email: askhr@hrsa.gov or HRSA's Reasonable Accommodation programs at (301) 443-2538 or by email: RA-Request@hrsa.gov. You must contact the Reasonable Accommodations Program prior to the closing date of this announcement to receive assistance. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. Hours of operation: Monday through Friday 7:30AM to 4:00PM EST (except Federal holidays).  Submission of a resume alone is not a complete application. To apply for this position, you must provide a complete online Application Package which includes:  1. A current Resume - For resume writing guidance, please visit USAJOBS Resources Center or view their video tutorial. Your resume must thoroughly describe how your skills and experiences align to the criteria defined in the "Qualifications" section of this announcement and it must support your responses to the assessment questionnaire. We cannot assume you have performed the necessary experience required for this position regardless of your employment history or academic career. To ensure all of the essential information is in your resume, we encourage you to use the USAJOBS online Resume Builder. If you choose to use your own resume, curriculum vitae, or any other written form you choose, then you must ensure it contains all of the required information and you organize it so we can associate the following information for each experience/position:  Job title Name of employer Beginning and ending dates of employment (month/day/year format) Hours worked per week. We will assume full-time unless otherwise stated. We will prorate part-time employment in crediting experience. Detailed description of job duties, accomplishments, related skills, and responsibilities to include any supervisory/managerial responsibilities and number of staff supervised (if applicable) Your resume must show the series and grade or equivalent for all federal positions you have held (if a federal position).   You must also ensure that the duties performed are clearly matched to each period of employment.  Do not include a photograph or video of yourself, or any sensitive information (age, date of birth, marital status, protected health information, religious affiliation, social security number, etc.) on your resume or cover letter. We will not access web pages linked on your resume or cover letter to determine your qualifications.  2. A complete Assessment Questionnaire  3. Other supporting documents to be submitted with application: Personnel Orders: PHS Commissioned Corps Officers must submit a copy of latest personnel orders in lieu of SF-50. College Transcripts or other official documentation from the qualifying educational institution showing that you meet the eligibility requirements for this program, as described in the "Qualifications and Evaluations" sections of this announcement. (if the position has a positive education requirement, or you are qualifying on the basis of education).   For Résumé and Application Tips visit the USAJOBS Resource Center.  The complete Application Package must be submitted by 11:59 PM (EST) on 08/13/2021. If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits  Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL) Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee. The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency This is a Direct-Hire Authority position, traditional rating and ranking of applicants does not apply to this vacancy. This position is also open to PHS Commissioned Corps Officers. PHS Commissioned Corps (CC) Officers will be referred as CC personnel and not as a candidate for conversion to a permanent federal appointment.
Who We Are: Orthos is an orthopedic business office data monitoring and analytics platform that minimizes cost and lost revenue for practices and facilities and ensures accurate billing, coding, and reimbursement through advanced technology and artificial intelligence.Position Overview: Orthos is hiring Business Analysts who are passionate about analyzing and interpreting data to help our clients (healthcare practices and facilities) make smarter, data-driven decisions that drive growth. Successful Business Analysts are excellent communicators with a perfect blend of business acumen/industry knowledge, technical and analytical skills, and values-driven dedication to our purpose and clients.Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Work directly with clients throughout the entire life cycle of a project: from understanding their business challenges through data collection, data analysis, and presentation of results and recommendations Identify, analyze, and interpret data trends and patterns in complex data sets; extract key insights, recommendations and conclusions; and communicate those points succinctlyDefine data requirements and gather and validate information, applying judgment and statistical testsDevelop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and qualityPerform data analysis using cutting-edge data science and data visualization software; identify trends and patterns; extract key insights, recommendations, and conclusions; and communicate those points succinctlyAnalyze results, review data for anomalies, investigate to identify and determine causes, and correct data inaccuracies and inconsistencies as necessaryPrepare and present reports for executive-level clients with compelling visualizations that effectively summarize data findings and lay out key insights, recommendations, and conclusionsHelp design, document, and maintain quality assurance testing, issue monitoring, reporting, alert requirements and automation of tasksDevelop and document processes to support best practice analysesIdentify areas of opportunity to deliver better value to clientsPreferred Skills: Bachelor's Degree in Business, Information Management, Statistics or related fieldSharp technical skills/aptitude, complemented by business experience and industry knowledge (healthcare, medical data, electronic medical records, etc.) )Previous experience maintaining databases, linking disparate datasets, defining data models, executing integrations with healthcare data a plus, but not requiredStrong analytical and statistical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyExperience analyzing data to draw business-relevant conclusionsFamiliarity or experience with data visualization techniques and toolsExcellent written and verbal communication skills, with an ability to communicate technical concepts in terms that a wide audience can understand, regardless of their technical aptitudeResourceful in getting things done, self-starter, and productive working independently or collaboratively- ours is a fast-pace entrepreneurial environment with performance expectations and deadlinesAbility to learn quickly and contribute ideas that make the team, processes, and solutions betterShare our values: playing it straight, finding the truth, working together, looking after patients, and building to lastJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:One locationCompany's website:https://www.orthosinc.com/Benefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetings
Job Type: Term (Fixed Term) Position Description RAND is seeking highly motivated analysts to employ specialized quantitative and/or qualitative research tools, methods, and technical skills to support multi-disciplinary research and analysis. Successful candidates will work in RAND’s Recovery Cost Analysis Program, which is supporting the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) through unprecedented challenges as they respond to COVID-19. Analysts are expected to help develop approaches to complex problems, collect and analyze data, and communicate the results of these analyses to decision-makers. Under limited supervision, analysts provide an advanced level of research support including execution of key project tasks (e.g., data collection, data analysis, tool design, and other analytic tasks). Analysts will be expected to apply a broad range of quantitative and/or qualitative research tools, methods, and skills in order to support complex research activities and demonstrate some depth of knowledge in substantive (e.g., disaster management, healthcare accounting, COVID-19 pandemic response) and technical (e.g., data analysis, programming, modeling) areas. This is a term position with an end date of March 23rd, 2022, with the possibility of renewal through March 23th, 2023. Qualifications Experience and knowledge of programming languages, data analysis packages (e.g. Python, R, MATLAB, State, GAMS, SPSS), and fluency with Microsoft Excel. Experience and knowledge of visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Sigma JS) is preferred. Content knowledge in healthcare, accounting, and/or disaster management are desirable but not required. Candidates must be highly motivated, organized, flexible, and demonstrate a strong commitment to RAND's core values of quality and objectivity. Successful performance requires strong interpersonal skills and strong oral and written communication skills and the ability to work in a team environment. U.S. citizenship is required for this project work. Education Requirements Master’s degree required. Preferred degrees are in quantitative fields such as accounting, economics, engineering, operations research, data science, mathematics, and physical sciences . Experience Some related experience is a plus, but not required. Security Clearance This position requires the ability to obtain a security clearance through the Department of Homeland Security (DHS "Fitness"). Location Remote - with our Washington, DC, Pittsburgh, PA, or Santa Monica, CA office optional . Positions Open Multiple Equal Opportunity Employer: race/color/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disability/vet
Summary Posted: Jun 1, 2021 Role Number:200234266 Play a role in advancing the most sophisticated and scalable consumer-facing virtual assistant and AI systems in existence! Implement systems to deliver an optimal user experience across the latest groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing and artificial intelligence. Key Qualifications Expertise with distributed systems and global traffic routing. Experience working in all layers of network communications protocols. Proven track record to use languages like Go, Python, or similar to simplify sophisticated problems. Knowledge of Linux, containerization systems, and public cloud infrastructure. Working understanding of Kubernetes operations and administration. Description As a member of the AI/ML Production Engineering Team, you will contribute to systems that provide services for millions of Apple’s customers! By focusing on optimal traffic selections, service reliability, and business continuity, you will be responsible for ensuring no user requests go unanswered. Advocate for and mentor staff in operations best practices such as repeatability, observability, and monitoring. Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. Visit jobs.apple.com to learn more. If you do not consent to Apple storing your information in our system for Recruiting purposes, please reply to this email requesting deletion. For more information on Apple’s privacy policy please visit https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/ (https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/). We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. Education & Experience Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science or related field, or equivalent work experience. Additional Requirements Superb interpersonal skills, project prioritization, and ability to discern signal from noise. Expertise in managing distributed system observability, including health, telemetry, and logs.
Resp & Qualifications PURPOSE: The main purpose of a data analyst is to find meaning in data so that the derived knowledge can be used to make informed decisions and assist the organization in making better business decisions.   ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Supports stakeholder in gathering business and technical requirements to deliver data driven solutions Engages in data exploration using various programming languages (reading and writing code), requiring knowledge of multiple database structures Drafts technical documentation that is consistent with professional standards. Research and analyze data flow across data ecosystem including operational and analytical data platforms Serve as an resource supporting data questions and issues from stakeholders Collect, analyze, and interpret data to glean insights, and suggest business appropriate recommendations Participate in the design, development, validation and delivery of data to provide insight into business decisions. Qualifications  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Education Level: Bachelor's Degree  Education Details: Data Science, Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Business or related field  Experience:  In Lieu of Education In lieu of a Bachelor's degree, an additional 4 years of relevant work experience is required in addition to the required work experience.  Preferred Qualifications Successful completion of an internship in data analytics Experience in health care industry  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSAs) Quantitative ,analytical and problem solving skills., Proficient Knowledge and understanding of analytical tools , languages ,applications, platforms , Proficient Excellent communication skills both written and verbal, Proficient Ability to learn quickly and take direction., Proficient Ability to work independently and as part of a team, Proficient Equal Employment Opportunity CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield is an Equal Opportunity (EEO) employer. It is the policy of the Company to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Hire Range Disclaimer Actual salary will be based on relevant job experience and work history. Where To Apply Please visit our website to apply: www.carefirst.com/careers Closing Date Please apply before: 8.21.21 Federal Disc/Physical Demand Note: The incumbent is required to immediately disclose any debarment, exclusion, or other event that makes him/her ineligible to perform work directly or indirectly on Federal health care programs. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The associate is primarily seated while performing the duties of the position. Occasional walking or standing is required. The hands are regularly used to write, type, key and handle or feel small controls and objects. The associate must frequently talk and hear. Weights up to 25 pounds are occasionally lifted. Sponsorship in US Must be eligible to work in the U.S. without Sponsorship
About EBP: Across the nation and around the world, how transportation systems provide access and connections to jobs, commerce, and daily activities is a focal point of infrastructure planning and investment decisions. For more than two decades, EBP has been at the forefront of assessing the impact of transportation on people and businesses – thinking beyond traditional measures like the roadway performance to add a human element to our analyses.  We have experts across a global network of offices, including Brazil, Chile, China, Germany, and Switzerland. We work with our colleagues to prepare clients for the future, dealing with uncertainty, changing technology, climate risk, and strategic and technical challenges. Our leading-edge methods support better policymaker and stakeholder decisions about investing limited infrastructure dollars.  Committed to applying principals of sustainability, resiliency, and state-of-the-art economic analysis to infrastructure investment decisions, we seek to be the employer of choice for like-minded professionals. Our team is expanding to support strong growth as we serve new clients on these exciting topics. We are committed to building a diverse and welcoming team. We have a collaborative culture in which we come together to share ideas and develop methods and products of the highest possible quality. Transportation Analysts - Spatial and Economic Focus  The Position We seek analytic individuals who are passionate about transportation as well as spatial and economic analysis. We work on strategic planning, policy research, and economic analyses for a broad range of clients, including research programs, the federal government, NGOs, state DOTs, MPOs, transit agencies, and airport authorities. These analysts would contribute to project topics such as: Interactions between infrastructure, land use, and economic development Scenario planning, especially for long range multimodal, freight, rail, and resiliency plans Access, equity, and research on specific subpopulations and users Financial and economic models leveraging inter-industry relationships and characteristics Performance management, metrics, and reporting, including accessibility measures  We seek people with the following qualifications: Demonstrated experience in spatial analysis using ArcGIS, QGIS, and/or web tools Experience in one or more of the following areas: Programming/scripting and data visualization in R or Python Statistical analysis, discrete choice models, econometric modelling, and forecasting Analyzing survey datasets with accurate weights and linkages to supporting data Travel demand forecasting and modeling and traffic simulation tools for various modes Demonstrated ability to work independently and report progress virtually to a client/manager Demonstrated ability to work and communicate effectively with clients and others in a team Excellent English-language written and verbal communication skills, including demonstrated ability to communicate concisely and effectively in a work environment Experience in planning and policy research and the ability to blend qualitative and quantitative analyses. A degree related to transportation, urban/regional planning, geography, data science, economics, or policy analysis Experience similar to a project-based consulting environment  These are early career positions for people who would like to grow with EBP. What We Offer You The opportunity to work on projects that seek to make transportation planning and investment more beneficial to society Opportunities to learn our leading-edge methods for analyzing the economic benefits and costs of transportation projects, plans, and policies of all sizes and locations across the country Opportunities to collaborate with other analysts, planners, and economists inside and outside EBP in a dynamic, fast-paced environment Opportunities for career advancement and promotions Competitive salary and benefits as well as flexible work hours and generous personal time off Regular opportunities for professional development through internal trainings, mentorship, and professional associations  Work Culture and Location Note that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we currently assume this position will start in a remote/work at home setting. When allowed by public health and safety conditions and guidance, we expect this position to transition to working with our staff in our downtown Boston headquarters on a mutually agreed schedule. Our culture is one in which we strive to support each other in work and life. Strong values, flexibility, and exceptional quality work are just a few of the characteristics we hold in high regard. We value and support a range of professional development opportunities, including mentorship, training, and engagement with professional associations and at conferences. We also take time to connect through shared activities like Lunch and Learns and Friday morning coffee hours. We are committed to practicing these values while staff continues to primarily work from home and to integrating this position into the firm remotely. We seek candidates with a proven ability to be productive and comfortable working in such an environment. Teamwork and collaboration are important components of our ability to deliver high quality work to clients and candidates. Our office is a creative space filled with talented people, making it an ideal place to advance your career. We are located just a few minutes’ walk from three T subway lines, Boston’s South Station (commuter rail and Amtrak), and Boston’s vibrant downtown, Chinatown, Seaport, and Public Garden areas. Our building includes bike parking and health club facilities, offered at low rates to building tenants. How to Apply Please send a cover letter, resume, and two work examples to people@ebp-us.com. In your cover letter, please state: (1) your professional goals and interests, (2) your skills and qualifications, (3) your availability to work at our headquarters in downtown Boston when health and safety conditions allow, and (4) confirmation of U.S. citizenship or work authorization type and validity period. Your work examples should include (1) a writing sample showing narrative presentation of analysis and (2) a technical document or presentation as well as supporting code and/or data files (e.g., .R or .PY files) that show your work. EBP is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBTQ+ employer. For more information, email people@ebp-us.com.
Posted Date: Apr 23, 2021 Position Title: TECH, DEVELOPER SR I Pay GRADE 15 Reports To: At E15, we are the spark that ignites. Our team delivers next-generation insights based on data, not hunches, to drive business in healthcare, campus, corporate, sports, entertainment, hospitality, and retail industries to help companies make forward-looking decisions to benefit their business and their guests. For more information on what we are about as a company, check us out by following the link below: www.e15group.com Job Summary  We're looking for a hands-on, collaborative Data Engineer to join our Data Engineering team. When you get out of bed in the morning, you look forward to building solutions, you love working with data, and you enjoy working as a team. In this role, you'll have the opportunity to make code decisions and build cloud infrastructure and pipelines that will deliver data solutions to our Food, Beverage and Sports industry clients. You will help bring best practices to the team while working with a team of Data Engineers We’re a Python and AWS focused team, using a tech stack of: Python, Spark, Docker, Airflow, and a range of AWS services like SQS, SNS, S3, Redshift, Glue. If you have a git repository, we'd be excited to see it! CORE RESPONSIBILITIES Collaborate with our reporting, analytics, and data science teams to understand data sources and business requirements Gather, clean, enrich, and transform data to feed internal and external client needs Define, build, test, and implement data pipelines, batch and streaming Work within a collaborative team, adhering to Agile best practices, documentation, and knowledge sharing Managing personal work output via Jira/Confluence REQUIRED SKILLS 2+ years of hands on Python backend or Data Engineering Experience Excellent written and verbal communicator Attention to detail Data validation and testing PREFFERED SKILLS Experience in DevOps and CI/CD technologies and methodologies Apply to E15 today! E15 is a member of Compass Group USA Click here to Learn More about the Compass Story Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law. Associates at E15 are offered many fantastic benefits. Medical Dental Vision Life Insurance/ AD Disability Insurance Retirement Plan Paid Time Off Holiday Time Off (varies by site/state) Associate Shopping Program Health and Wellness Programs Discount Marketplace Identity Theft Protection Pet Insurance Commuter Benefits Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs) Req ID: 532145 E15 Group Danita Blake SALARIED EXEMPT
Description DeepHealth is a digital health start-up company based in Cambridge, MA engaged in applying state-of-the-art deep learning techniques to improve medical imaging interpretation. We believe the most exciting problems in machine learning are in healthcare, where the development and translation of novel methods has the potential to save patient lives. As a Data Scientist, you will help us collect and curate various sources of data to be used for research and product development and validation.  Qualifications Advanced degree in a field related to data science Strong programming skills in python and libraries such as pandas Experience working with DICOM data or healthcare-related data Knowledge and experience in cloud infrastructure (e.g., Google Cloud, AWS, etc)
Red Cedar Consultancy, LLC, a fast growing IT services firm is currently looking for smart and self-motivated Information and Data Architect with the ability to take on and overcome challenges in a dynamic and collaborative team environment. Duties and Responsibilities Successful candidate will provide technical and subject matter expertise for continued maintenance and enhancement of the TSA Enterprise Information and Data Architecture capabilities. Candidate will have demonstrated capability in providing information and data architectural support services across solution architecture, segment architecture, and enterprise architecture. Key skills and job function includes: Create, maintain, and guide conceptual and logical models at the enterprise, segment, and solution level, spanning multiple special domains (e.g., aviation security, biometrics, geospatial, cloud, mobile). Create enterprise information/data views. Gather and analyze information and data to generate new or enhance existing enterprise views to convey as-is and to-be architecture. Provide strategic information and data/architectural service. Research and analyze specific capabilities or technology areas including but not limited to semantic technologies, robotic process automation, machine learning, and artificial intelligence; Assist with determining opportunities to increase efficiency, improve information sharing, and reduce costs within the EA environment; Assist with the standardization, reduction and simplification of capabilities and information technology assets based on mission needs, resource constraints, advances in technology, and planning within the IT industry and the Federal environment; Provide enterprise information and data management support, to include: Establish and enforce TSA information and data architectural principles and standards; Provide enterprise information/data management support; Provide services to enhance TSA EA information and data management maturity; Implement recommendations and best practices to advance TSA?s information and data architecture practices Explore the application of technology to different problem sets; Conduct pilots to demonstrate the power of ML/AI and other automation tools; Create implementation roadmaps for successful automation pilots; Provide support to stand up the TSA Chief Data Officer (CDO) function  Qualifications Strong communication skills and ability to work with customers and staff Excellent team player with can-do attitude Must have a Bachelor’s degree or higher Current or ability to obtain government clearance is preferred
Position  The marketing measurement team's mission is to improve Kayak's ability to measure the effectiveness of marketing efforts. This role works closely with marketing leaders to make better data-informed strategic marketing decisions. KAYAK, momondo, OpenTable, and other brands are used by over 400 million active users.   Responsibilities  Design and evaluate randomized experiments. Experiment on marketing channels, primarily in Adwords, Facebook, Television, and Youtube. Analyze results from the on-site A/B testing platform. We continuously experiment with new formats of marketing landing pages.  Find insights into how people travel from our massive database of over 500 million travel searches. Data insights are channeled through Marketing PR, and ultimately published in major news outlets like Nytimes.com, WSJ.com, and NBC.  Optimize budget allocation across marketing channels. Recommend the best marginal use of the additional marketing budget.  Build Python and Airflow scheduled scripts to automate reports and models  Qualifications  Prior relevant marketing and data science work experience is especially valued. However, we will also seriously consider recent Masters or Ph.D. graduates motivated to apply creative problem solving in the marketing domain.  Passionate about working with large, interesting data sets. Digital marketing, financial, and economic data are particularly relevant. Experience with Adwords, Facebook, and other paid marketing data is ideal. Time-series analysis, econometrics, general linear regression models, hierarchical estimation are examples of particularly relevant background.  Ability to write high-quality, scalable, maintainable Python. Automating repeatable processes allows us to focus on new initiatives.  SQL and related querying using relational databases (e.g. Snowflake, MySql, Vertica). Allows self-sufficient access to data  Great communication skills. You will regularly present analyses to influence marketing leaders and other data scientists.  Benefits and Perks   4 weeks paid vacation  Day off on your birthday  Generous retirement plans  Awesome health, dental and vision insurance plans  Flexible Spending Accounts  Headspace Subscription  No stupid meetings  Drinks, coffee, snacks, games etc.*  Weekly catered lunches*  Flexible hours  Free massages from a professional massage therapist*  Regular team events/excursions*  Universal Paid Parental leave  Currently paused due to covid  About KAYAK   At KAYAK we help millions of travelers around the globe make confident travel decisions. KAYAK searches other sites to show travelers the information they need to find the right flights, hotels, rental cars and vacation packages and is the world's leading travel search engine.  As an employee of KAYAK, you will be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAK's portfolio of metasearch brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined. Many employees are dedicated to one brand, but we all have the benefit of using each other's strengths and insights. Together, we're able to help people experience the world through dining and travel.  KAYAK is part of Booking Holdings Inc. and operates sites in more than 60 countries and territories.   Diversity and Inclusion at OpenTable/ KAYAK   We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve. We know that when we have diverse teams we produce more innovative ideas, products, services, and better business outcomes for our stakeholders. OpenTable/KAYAK is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. Whoever you are, just be you.  We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Why Vacasa  We started with just one home and an idea: to bring homeowners and renters together with smart technology and caring local teams. Today, we're the largest full-service vacation rental company in North America thanks to the people who give us their best every day. You'll fit right in here if you're curious, entrepreneurial, and thrive in a rapid-growth environment.  Why Analytics at Vacasa?  We turn complex data into informed decisions affecting every aspect of the company, from identifying new business opportunities to streamlining existing processes. We value collaboration and informed decision-making. We're always learning, always teaching, and always seeking improvement.  What we're looking for  We're looking for an enthusiastic and flexible analyst to join our team to help us to discover actionable insights. You will work with large data sets to generate analysis and recommendations that can have immediate impact on our business. The candidate should be comfortable working within dynamic workstreams while applying both structured and unstructured thinking to solve complex research problems.  What you'll do  Partner with cross-department stakeholders to deliver holistic solutions Identify novel approaches to fee revenue optimization Generate and maintain ad hoc reporting and analysis Assist in building fee revenue models and strategies Help to formulate and maintain fee revenue standards Facilitate custom dashboards and data visualizations as needed Present findings and recommendations to stakeholders  Skills you'll need  5+ yrs of experience analyzing and manipulating large datasets Advanced skills in transact-SQL Experience with MySQL/PostgreSQL or other SQL variation A solid understanding of Google Workspace Process mindset and attention to detail Good time management skills Ability to quickly shift attention and efforts as needed Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to confidently present reports and actionable insights to stakeholders Discipline to work independently under remote supervision across time zones Attention to detail Ability to work from home and resides in one of the followings states: AK, AL, AZ, CA, DE, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MT, NC, NH, NM, NV, NY, OH, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, or WY and operate in PST/MST zone.  Bonus Points  Mastery of Excel including pivot tables, power query, and ODBC Excel VBA and Google Apps Script experience Statistics and hypothesis testing Python experience R experience Forecasting experience Data visualization in Looker or other BI tools Git/Github experience  What you'll get  Health/dental/vision insuranceâ€”100% coverage option Employer Sponsored & Voluntary Supplemental Benefits 401K retirement savings plan with immediate 100% company match on the first 6% you contribute Health & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts Flexible vacation time Paid sick days and holidays Paid parental leave after one year of tenure Employee Assistance Program Career advancement opportunities Employee discounts and All the equipment you'll need to be successful Great colleagues and culture Please visit our careers page to review our full benefits offerings  Vacasa is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We do not discriminate against applicants based upon race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or other classes protected by applicable law.  Vacasa is committed to maintaining a safe and productive work environment. Possession, use, or being under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs in the workplace is prohibited.  An offer of employment for this role will be contingent upon the successful completion of a background check.
The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve the Military Health System. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll develop algorithms, build predictive analytic models, analyze health data, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help military leaders make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in the Military Health System. Empower change with us. You Have: 1+ years of experience with data analysis or building predictive models Knowledge of statistics Knowledge of visualization tools Ability to analyze health data Ability to present key findings to senior leaders Ability to obtain a security clearance BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: Possession of excellent oral and written skills, including communicating effectively with clients Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Build Your Career:  At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the chance to: access online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
Our client is rethinking the way that code is written. They are well-funded and a team of early  Today, most people write code by sitting at a desk, memorizing a syntax that varies with different tools, and pushing buttons. And, doing so for long periods of time is known to cause physical pain. We'd know—our client created the company after developing repetitive strain injuries (think carpal tunnel), common among people who use computers all day, that made typing incredibly painful. We're building a future where everyone can write code with the highest-bandwidth input mechanism we have: our voice.  Our mission: make programming more efficient and accessible to everyone. Our client would require you to be able to be at the office in San Francisco, CA.  The Role & Responsibilities  We're looking for machine learning engineers excited to apply the latest in ASR and NLP to code and build on our speech-to-code platform.  Here's a sample of projects you'd be able to work on from day 1:  Architect transformer-based neural networks to model both code and natural English.  Apply state of the art speech recognition techniques to our dataset to optimize the accuracy and performance of the product.  Build on our training pipeline, which includes automatic labeling and seamless backtesting.  Use semantic parsing techniques to enable deep understanding of user intent.  Support a wide range of speakers and environments through techniques like speaker identification and noise suppression.  Our ML Stack  Our speech-to-code engine uses state of the art deep learning served using a containerized, gRPC streaming service written in C++ for maximum performance. We've also developed our own models trained specifically for programming.  Our offline training and annotation pipelines are written using Python and PyTorch.  Whenever possible, we contribute back to the open-source community.  Join Our Team!  Maintain a Growth Mindset  We welcome hard technical challenges, and in solving them, we're continually learning from each other. We're always trying to improve ourselves and show determination in solving problems  Take Initiative  We're building a team where everyone can freely contribute and discuss ideas. We value thinking beyond just the immediate scope of what we're working on and proposing new, sometimes crazy, ideas  Communicate Directly  As a small team, direct, respectful communication is critical to our success. We aim to create an environment where everyone can vocalize their ideas and meaningfully collaborate on solutions  Go the Extra Mile  Sometimes, spending an extra 5 minutes on a code refactor now can save someone else 5 hours down the line. We strive to maintain a high quality bar to keep our iteration speed high
About Anuvu For over a decade, our clients in aviation and maritime have used our technology-driven products and services to keep their passengers entertained and connected to the things they love, from anywhere in the world. Brands such as Southwest Airlines, Norwegian Cruise Lines, Emirates and Celebrity Cruises have trusted us to provide solutions from high-speed broadband internet to movies, television and games.Our team of global experts take pride in providing clients what they need today while creating a strategic road map for tomorrow through reliable, scalable, and affordable content and connectivity solutions designed to meet the ever-changing technology needs of our clients' passengers and guests.Be Part of the Movement Anuvu is embarking on a new chapter with a new story to tell. As one of the leading providers of high-speed connectivity and entertainment solutions for worldwide mobility markets, we deliver what customers need today, while remaining flexible and future-focused.Role SummaryThe Anuvu Analytics and Insights team leverages data and analytics to drive continuous improvement and provide strategic insights around current business challenges and opportunities. We are looking for intellectually curious individuals who seek to understand process and love the challenge of transforming data into actionable insights. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, build recommendation systems and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our products.Location: Anywhere in the United States.Remote Options: This role has the option to be completely remote.What You'll Be Doing Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patternsBuild predictive models and machine-learning algorithmsData mining using state-of-the-art methodsExtending company’s data with third party sources of information when neededDoing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear mannerCollaborate with engineering and product development teamsWhat We’re Looking For Proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data AnalystExperience in data miningExcellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPyGreat communication skillsProficiency in using query languages such as SQL, NoSQL databases such as ElasticsearchGood applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.Data-oriented personalityB.E./BSc in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or other quantitative field is preferredOpen minded and flexible on mandateWillingness to learnTeam spirit; very good communication skills,Ability to manage priorities to meet deadlines; flexibility/multitaskingExcellent problem-solving skills, autonomyThis Might Be the Right Place if You…. Are a team fit; can help advance our global, inclusive cultureAre self-starter who likes to roll up your sleeves and take initiative with minimal directionCan think about tomorrow, while getting your work done todayAre a collaborative team player; primary audience will be internal teamsAre curious and open to learning and finding new solutionsAre able to provide and accept feedback in a constructive mannerAre organized, have strong communication skills, and do whatever it takes to get things doneThe Benefits of Working Here A career with Anuvu is a unique opportunity to grow your knowledge and skills within a culture that thrives on collaboration and innovation. In addition to being a part of an amazing group, we also have competitive benefits including medical, dental, vision, paid time off, 401k, disability and life insurance, flexible scheduling, pet insurance, and discounts on gym membership, concerts, amusement parks, hotels, and more!Advanced | Agile | Applied Anuvu is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Due to COVID, our interviews are now done in a safe environment using online platforms like Zoom and Microsoft Teams. Let Innovation Move You. Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayOvertimeWork Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
BCI is seeking terminally degreed (PhD) faculty in data science who are national leaders in their fields of study and who have previous experience teaching adult learners in an online platform. Previous experience teaching international students (notably Middle Eastern students) is desired. Successful candidates will adhere to all BCI faculty expectations, including but not limited to: Participating in the online classroom a minimum of five days per week, including one weekend day. Conducting a minimum of seven live, hour-long lectures per term using Blackboard Collaborate. Grading and providing detailed feedback on all assignments (critical thinking assignments and discussion board) within 72 hours of assignment due date. This includes in-depth feedback specific to the critical thinking assignment rubrics. Actively responding to student emails and requests within 24 hours.  Skills and Qualifications: Communicate effectively with students via Blackboard or similar Learning Management System (LMS). Be a scholar in data science or a closely related discipline. Preferred additional qualifications are listed below: Have hands-on experience using two or more of the following tool sets: Python/Anaconda/Pandas, R/R Studio/associated analytics libraries, or Hadoop/Hive/Spark/Pig. Participate in academic conferences related to the data science field (such as those put forth by the ACM, AIS, INFORMS or DSI organizations). Working experience in data science/analytics that includes data modeling, predictive analytics, machine learning, or AI. Membership in data science related organization(s). Experience in developing and teaching data science courses for an online program. Experience teaching or working in the Middle East a plus. Additional Information: BCI/International program courses are 16 weeks in length, currently taught in two sessions per year. Course appointments are awarded on a term-to-term basis. Employment is considered part-time on a per-assignment basis. Compensation is competitive and is based on student enrollment. Background checks and reference checks are required of all candidates. To Apply: For full consideration, an application must include a cover letter, CV, teaching philosophy, and unofficial graduate transcripts. Your CV should clearly indicate the following information: Course codes, titles, and dates of college/university courses taught Publications listed in APA format Dates and titles of conference presentations University and community engagement International student online teaching experience International work experience
Data manager / analyst position Data Tecnica International (DTi) invites applications for a data manager /analyst position. We facilitate growth for the research portfolios of numerous global initiatives for Parkinson’s disease and Alzheimer’s disease-related disorders. The position would support translational data science focusing on integrating large-scale multi-modal data types in various research applications – genetics and other omics data, clinical data, and imaging data. The primary responsibilities of this position are (1) support open science related project and data formatting / due diligence, (2) contribute to the harmonization of the multi-modal data and develop necessary companion documentation, (3) manage and inventory data resources on local and cloud stored directories and (4) participate in large-scale international data analysis projects. The position provides unique and flexible opportunities to pursue the candidate’s own career goals so that they can enjoy a hybrid academic and industry environment while working closely with top-notch scientists and engineers. Given the current situation, we offer a complete work-from-home option for the immediate term, although candidates are expected to move to the Washington DC area. Applicants should have an MS degree in bioinformatics and/or computer science or related discipline, or a BS plus relevant work experience/certification in a related field. Competent coding skills (e.g., Python/R/bash/workflows) and relevant data management and analysis experiences are required. Ideal candidates will have functional knowledge of data management tools (BigQuery, SQL, HDF5, etc.) as well as a familiarity with genomic and clinical data analysis. The candidate must have a valid US work authorization as DTi cannot sponsor employment visas for this position. This position may also include opportunities to grow your data science analytics skills and publish research in collaboration with NIH initiatives we support. Interested candidates should submit their application, including CV, cover letter, and letters of recommendation (if available), to Dr. Hirotaka Iwaki hirotaka@datatecnica.com. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.
Arundo is a software company based in Houston, TX, and Oslo, Norway; with presence in 6 locations in Europe and the Americas. Our software enables advanced analytics, machine learning, and IoT applications for more efficient, safer, and more effective physical systems in heavy industries such as energy, chemicals, maritime, renewables and OEMs. Founded in 2015, Arundo currently consists of around 40 software engineers, data scientists, designers, and industrial domain experts.  Our team members are passionate about being part of a company that can solve tough problems and create innovative solutions. We believe in a fun environment, where our people can be fearless and feel empowered to always do the right thing. Arundites come from many different backgrounds including academia, industry, and even a submarine! We look for smart, creative thinkers with a player-coach mindset who can wear multiple hats and contribute to the company`s exciting future! And finally; we are 16 different nationalities and speak 15 different languages.  The role  We are looking for an early career Data Scientist to join our high-performing project delivery and product team in Houston who are developing data-driven software products for time series based equipment monitoring in asset industries including energy, chemicals and renewables. Our Data Science team is responsible for the development of analytical solutions for our customers, from initial feasibility studies to the deployment and maintenance of machine learning models at scale using our cloud and edge based products. We are a startup and move at a fast pace so the preferred candidate will have proven experience of producing results quickly in either a business or academic environment. You should be enthusiastic, a fast learner, have a good understanding of statistics fundamentals as well as experience applying machine learning methods to data using Python. The role will require regular presence in our office space which is in a hosted community of several exciting startup companies. There will be flexibility to work from home some days of the week.  Responsibilities include: Extracting value from customer data via the application of statistical and machine learning methods while working closely with Arundo's project team and the client's subject matter experts Deployment and maintenance of machine learning models using Arundo's cloud and edge based products Who are we looking for?  Academic  A degree in computer science, statistics, physics, engineering or a related field with focus on data analysis and modeling. A graduate degree or comparable experience in industry is preferred. Technical skills and work experience  You have a proven ability to work quickly and to a high standard in either a business or academic setting You have a strong familiarity with statistics and machine learning fundamentals You have experience with common Python Data Science libraries (pandas, scikit-learn etc.) You have experience with standard open source data science tools such as Jupyter and collaborative software tools such as GitHub You have the ability to self organize and work independently within a project team You are enthusiastic and a fast learner  We further believe that you will have experience with and/or an interest in learning about the following:  Developing analyses using time series data sources Application and development of anomaly detection techniques Experience in a customer facing role The ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders via presentations and formal reports Use of cloud based technologies Experience with Machine Learning Engineering and MLOps Signal processing and vibration analysis SaaS product development methods and tools Professional software development experience in a team setting Development of mobile or web applications Who we are and what we offer A values driven company with an inclusive and autonomous culture We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and demographics We value nice, enthusiastic people, who happen to be very good at what they do We strive to provide an environment that fosters professionalism and employee growth We are a group of highly talented, accomplished, and dedicated colleagues Collaborative environment with our offices in the US and in Europe Fun environment - we take fun seriously and have appointed a VP of Fun and have regular team building activities Collaboration with Stanford/StartX and MIT/STEX25 Competitive salary and participation in the employee stock option program Benefits plan including 401k retirement plan Location  Houston, Texas, USA (full remote work is not an option, in-person interaction is required, there will be flexibility to work from home for some days of the week)  Travel  Required travel to customer location in the greater Houston area; all face to face meetings will be held in a responsible manner adhering to local government guidelines and customer HSE policies for Covid-19.  Additional information: You are able to successfully pass a pre-employment background check and drug screen You are able to work for any US employer without requiring sponsorship Disclaimer  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.  This job description is intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by individuals in the position. It is not intended to include every job duty and responsibility specific to the position. Arundo reserves the right to amend and change responsibilities to meet business and organizational needs as necessary.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Summary Posted: Jul 6, 2021 Role Number:200264257 We are a group applied AI/ML researchers and forward-thinking software engineers that develop CV/ML technologies for Apple new hardware as part of Video Computer Vision (VCV). Technologies such as FaceID and FaceKit, developed within VCV, have changed the way millions of users interact with their devices and brought computer vision to people’s lives like no other technologies. As part of Spatial Perception Team (SPT) we focus on people and scene understanding. We are developing 2D and 3D deep learning technologies that will help bring the 3D world into your devices utilizing our powerful LiDAR along with other sensors. In this role, you will be working closely with similar minds in the team, where your skills and expertise will be put into the Apple products. The focus will be on building ML models, utilizing both images and depth information (such as point clouds), to solve exciting 2D and 3D problems related to people and scene understanding. You will be working closely with ML software engineers in the team that will help bring your prototypes to life and build new experiences on device. Key Qualifications Strong academic and publication record in computer vision. Solid programming skills with Python (Obj-C/C++ is a plus). Deep understand of deep learning algorithms and workflows. Familiarity with deep learning toolkits. Familiar with challenges associated with the transition of a prototype into a final product. Conceive proof of concept prototypes that establish overall system performance. Agile integration of deep learning, data collection and failure analysis. Designing and evaluating experiments supervising key performance measures. Visualization and deeper understanding of deep learning networks. Communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner. Description Are you passionate about building AI/ML products with focus on Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR) applications? Are you passionate about solving hard problems? Video Computer Vision org at Apple is looking for machine learning researcher to join the team of highly accomplished and deeply technical scientist. You will design and implement new machine learning algorithms while collaborating with the most innovative product development teams at Apple. We provide the right balance between research and product to deliver Apple quality state of the art experiences on various apple devices. You will have the opportunity to touch the life of millions of people through amazing products. Our team researches new machine learning algorithm and techniques and has a track record of shipping some of the most impactful CVML products ever shipped by Apple. Examples include FaceID, Animoji/Memoji, Scene Understanding, People Understanding and Positional Tracking (VIO/SLAM). We want new results-oriented team members to join our research ML group. In this role, we create new models and algorithms, and actively engage with the academic community. You will also have the opportunity to give to impactful projects at Apple, and use your machine learning and computer vision skills to transfer your ideas into solutions for some of the most complicated technical problems in the next generation of products that will delight millions of people.
LockerDome is an ad platform with a brain, designed specifically for performance-based advertising. The brain behind the platform is Neo, an in-house AI, which uses machine learning to process billions of data points and make intelligent decisions at lightning speed. Learn more at lockerdome.com. As a Junior Data Analyst on the Data & Analytics team, you will serve as the primary decision maker for advertiser and publisher accounts. Not only will you leverage LockerDome's homegrown analytics tooling and techniques to assess and process performance data, you’ll also work closely with our sales team to create solutions that maximize success for both LockerDome and its partners. Additionally, you’ll contribute to LockerDome's code base, working with large datasets within our platform and supplemental client data to build tools that are reusable and tie directly into our data science models. Your skills should include: Degree in a scientific or quantitative field, or proven proficiency in these areasStrong command of statistics and other analytical toolsStrong technical ability in a data-focused programming language, such as R or PythonStrong business intuitionProficiency with version control software, such as GitStrong verbal and written communicationAbility to solve unique or complex problems and explain your findings in a concise, actionable mannerAbility to learn new skills and information sets quicklyWorking knowledge of the performance-based marketing and digital media landscape is a plus Responsibilities: Manage and analyze various internal and external data sets, identifying performance trends and flagging anomalies in the dataExecute routine optimizations to maximize return on investment and yield for both LockerDome and its partnersWork closely with LockerDome's sales team to package data and create solutions for clients, leveraging LockerDome's homegrown analytics tooling and techniquesContribute to LockerDome's code baseTie in to external data sources to further improve our algorithms and internal processesExecute ad hoc needs, such as developing new tooling or defining new processes as we scale Work from anywhere: We know world-class talent lives all over the country, so we’re proud to offer employees the flexibility to work remotely from anywhere in the U.S. Whether it’s your living room, an Airbnb, or one of LockerDome’s hubs in St. Louis or Austin, every employee can choose a work environment that best suits their lifestyle or mood.  6uEDy8b6i5
Los Angeles, California Data Science and Engineering Netflix is constantly innovating on how to best provide people around the world with stories they will love: movies and TV shows that are diverse across cultures, creators, genres, and formats. This is an exhilarating challenge as we seek to bring joy to over 200 million households across 190 countries. In this exceptional leadership opportunity, you will lead Netflix’s core data science and engineering team for the most creative part of our business: content! In this role, you will directly impact how we design, plan, and value our catalog by providing insights, metrics, data, and mathematical models to guide decision making. You and your team will develop innovative content valuation metrics and methodologies, predict demand for titles that Netflix is planning to develop and launch in the future, identify characteristics of an "ideal" content library, derive content audience insights from data, and even help identify new stories Netflix creators could explore. You will pursue these challenges as a data science and engineering thought leader and key executive partner in Netflix’s ‘Data & Insights’ organization. In addition to leading a world-class team, you will debate and influence business and technical strategies to help us continue to learn how to make Netflix the world’s greatest entertainment service! What you will do: Inspire and lead your team to deliver data and strategic and novel data science and engineering approaches that help optimize and guide Netflix's content decisions. Participate heavily in Netflix’s executive team: help set business strategy, represent content data science and engineering, initiate and debate key strategic topics and opportunities from your team’s work, and drive bold high-impact decisions. Grow and expand your expert team with an eye toward diverse and forward-pushing skills that span machine learning methods, data engineering, tooling and data products, and analytics. Instill an inclusive team culture that is both passionate and collaborative. Lead strong partnerships with Netflix’s content and marketing teams as well as collaborations with finance and engineering teams. Your background and characteristics: You enjoy having a strategic impact at an executive level, including interacting with senior company leadership on tangly issues and applying strong judgment and analysis toward important business decisions. You have experience building and leading expert data science, analytics, and engineering teams comprising both leaders and individual contributors, and are adept at figuring out ways to help them flourish. Your technical background is broad, spanning multiple areas among: data products and visualization, data and behavioral analytics, advanced metrics, statistics, machine learning, causal methods, and data engineering and architecture. You likely have a graduate degree or studies in a quantitative field such as Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning, etc. You are skilled at having an impact in complex or ambiguous problem spaces that cannot be empirically proven and require blending data and scientific methods with judgment-based approaches. Examples of such areas are: characterizing a company’s brand or the impact of some event to its brand; quantifying or categorizing human sentiment / emotion; and measuring intent. You are skilled at operating in a complex, cross-functional organization or company where your teams need to collaborate and integrate with other teams across many disciplines. You have exceptional oral and written communication skills, and are articulate with both technical and business partners. You create effective frameworks to aid discussion of complicated topics. You are an active listener, and are conscious of voices that have not yet been heard. You are curious about entertainment and peoples’ tastes in different regions around the world, and are excited to help Netflix deepen and broaden our content to increase its relevance globally and locally. You are enthusiastic about Netflix’s culture. Our culture is unique and we live by our values as articulated at https://jobs.netflix.com/culture. We can’t wait to meet you and learn how you can shape Content Data Science & Engineering to impact Netflix’s future! APPLY NOW Share this listing: LINK COPIED
Data Science Marketing Specialist Description: As a Data Science Marketing Specialist at SmartUQ, you will develop, lead, and evolve data science marketing initiatives and activities for SmartUQ. You will also have opportunities to work on data science projects with clients and partners in a variety of engineering fields, such as aerospace, automotive, heavy equipment, semiconductor, medical device, energy and consumer product. Who We Are: SmartUQ (SmartUQ.com) develops advanced predictive analytics, machine learning, and uncertainty quantification to solve difficult challenges and accelerate innovation in a wide range of engineering fields. Our software is used by some of the largest engineering companies in the world. We have a fun and focused team who are passionate about helping our customers solve challenging problems where no off-the-shelf solutions exist. Location: Near the UW-Madison campus on University Avenue close to the Hilldale Shopping Center. Remote work for 2021 due to the COVID-19. Responsibilities: Develop online marketing efforts across company website including SEO, PPC, email marketing, digital campaigns, etc Draft marketing contents and messagesCreate company videosCoordinate webinars and other company eventsWork with engineering, product development, sales and business development teams to  provide cross-department solutions  Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in statistics or engineeringExcellent communication skills both written and verballyAttention to detail and focus on quality of deliverablesBackground in marketing is a plus but not required.  At SmartUQ, we have created new technologies to revolutionize the analytics market. We are passionate about using our technology to create products that will make a difference in the world. Compensation is commensurate with your expertise. SmartUQ, 3545 University Ave. Madison WI, 53705. P: (608)255-2440  www.SmartUQ.com If you feel that you would be a good fit for our team, join us today and submit your cover letter and resume to hiring@smartuq.com with “Data Science Marketing Specialist” in the subject line. SmartUQ, 3545 University Ave, Madison WI, 53705. P: (608)255-2440  www.SmartUQ.com
The Opportunity Tackle real problems with large data sets as part of a small but high-performing team within a fast-paced, high growth business. Media Players is on a mission to become the world's leading provider of data-driven sports marketing and analytics. We combine data science with marketing psychology and world-class media execution to drive measurable engagement for our clients and partners. The Data Team works hand-in-glove with the Marketing Team to provide the core assets needed for microtargeted campaigning (e.g. custom segmentation, predictive scoring, attribution models), while also acting as a ‘skunkworks' that continually innovates with the most powerful data and technology available to provide a competitive edge for the business. This is an exceptional opportunity for a Data Analyst seeking to apply their technical skills to solve real-world problems and gain a diversity of experience at the intersection of marketing and data science. The role involves data exploration, visualisation, reporting automation, hypothesis testing, predictive modelling and back-testing, and offers the opportunity for career development into either a team leader or technical specialist. Responsibilities Interface with research managers and marketeers and respond to the analysis needs of the market in order to drive high impact customer acquisition. Use best-in-class tooling to build dashboards and visualisations to track the performance of holistic campaigns. Automate and streamline data ingestion and reporting processes. Devote part of your time to R&D to develop novel technical strategies to improve the performance of campaigns. Follow your intellectual curiosity and don't be afraid to take risks. Act as a technical subject matter specialist within a multidisciplinary team of researchers, data scientists, engineers and marketeers. Be responsible for documentation of reporting, processes and systems. Maintain a strong level of technical knowledge, and be aware of any new technical developments that may benefit the business. Requirements An advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering) or equivalent experience. At least 1 year in a hands-on data analyst role. Past experience with digital marketing campaigns and the associated modelling, analytics, and automated reporting highly desirable. Experience working with data from modern marketing and advertising platforms (e.g. DMPs, DSPs) highly desirable. Extensive experience with SQL and relational databases. Experience with Python and associated data science libraries (e.g. Pandas, sci-kit learn) a plus. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and capable of explaining complex concepts to people from a variety of technical backgrounds.  Ability to work independently or as part of a team, and able to work well with other disciplines (e.g. marketeers, applications developers). Experience applying abstract mathematical concepts to noisy, biased or incomplete datasets. Entrepreneurial drive and the desire to contribute to building an early stage company. Ability to balance multiple projects, often with simultaneous and competing deadlines. *** Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States for any employer ***
Fellow Job Description: Øptimus Analytics, a data science and software company, is seeking a data science fellow in the Washington, DC area or remotely. Fellows with the Data Science & Predictive Analytics team will participate in all aspects of work at Øptimus. In an environment where “long-term” projects last one or two weeks, no two days are the same. You'll work on multiple projects: writing call scripts that are used in hundreds of thousands of calls, streamlining our current workflow, sitting in on meetings to offer your valuable insight, and creating statistical models to meet the needs of our clients, just to name a few. We'll match what you're good at with what you enjoy and what we need. Fellowships are intended for recent college graduates or those with graduate degrees looking to transition into data science. The fellowship is a twelve-month full-time position with an opportunity for a permanent job offer upon completion. Qualifications: Must have a college degree in a STEM or social science field, or equivalent real-world experience. At least one course in statistics is required. A Master's or Doctorate Degree is a plus but not necessary. Must have courses or experience in machine learning, data mining, Bayesian statistics, regression, generalized linear models, experimental design, and/or GIS is especially desired. Must be able to learn quickly and juggle multiple projects with moving deadlines. Must have strong analytical skills. Must have killer Excel skills and advanced competency in PowerPoint. Must have experience in R or Python - both are a plus! Experience with Tableau is a plus. Experience with political campaigns, non-profit fundraising campaigns, and business startups a plus but not required Experience with computer programming is a plus. Compensation: Fellows with Øptimus are salaried W2 employees and have benefits, including health insurance, dental and vision insurance, transportation reimbursement, and cell phone reimbursement. Company: Øptimus Analytics is a family of statisticians, graphic designers, data scientists, programmers, social media marketing analysts, and recovering politicos. Since its founding in 2013, Øptimus has been at the forefront of developing innovative data and analytics software platforms. Øptimus has designed and delivered data-driven strategies for leading political campaigns, Fortune 500 companies, and non-profits around the globe. We handle a wide variety of projects and use many different technologies and programs to meet our clients' needs, so our culture here is one of constant learning and curiosity while doing things the right way. We boast office space in a beautiful building on the Old Town Alexandria waterfront near the yellow and blue Metro lines, no cubicles, a nacho cheese machine, and free staff lunch on Wednesdays. If you work remotely with Øptimus, you will be provided with a company-issued laptop and the same training, tools, and support offered to our in-office staff. If you live by the "work hard, play hard" philosophy, then you'll be a great fit with the Øptimus team.  vumS6HpHpp
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design A degree in Computer Science / Engineering OR equivalent experience + training Desire to work in a dynamic, highly experimental environment Desire to create novel experiences for Home Improvement shopping experiences that customers will see and interact with. Commitment to operational excellence: building low-defect systems that are user-friendly with low operational burden.  Have you ever painted your house, re-tiled your floor, or completely renovated your kitchen or bathroom? If so, when you bought your supplies, did you shop for them on Amazon?  Maybe not yet – but our team, the Home Improvement Experience, was founded in late 2019 to change that. We make it fun and easy for customers to shop for their home improvement projects with great tools and features. The Amazon Paint finder (https://www.amazon.com/paint-finder) is our team’s first product, launched in April 2020– but there’s so much more to do in home improvement shopping and beyond.  We’re looking for someone with strong bias for action and customer obsession, who's excited to work on customer facing features. Our upcoming work will use or enhance your skills in full-stack development and AWS technologies. Interest in, or experience with front-end development, augmented reality (AR), image processing, or data science/machine learning could come in handy but are *not* required. If this sounds like a space you're interested in, we'd love to hear from you.  In this role, you would partner with other members of our engineering team to design and implement new experiences in paint, flooring, fixtures/appliances, and beyond. You will learn from, and share your knowledge with the team and uphold engineering best practices.  We are a respectful, inclusive, collaborative team where every voice is heard. Everyone’s ideas change the course of our products and the way we build software. We take pride and ownership in what we build and hold ourselves to high standards while biasing for fast learning and delivery. We develop high quality, maintainable, and robust code (mostly) in Java, JavaScript, and HTML/CSS that functions well across browsers and platforms.  #HCXTech, #HIX   Experience with front-end technologies like HTML, CSS, JS etc. Understanding of common web architecture design patterns and AWS technology (Cloud Practitioner or higher AWS certification is a plus, but not required.)  
OverviewIXIS is seeking an experienced, results-focused machine learning practitioner with expertise in the training and deployment of predictive models to fill the position of ML Engineer for the company. The core responsibilities for this role include training, deploying, and monitoring/maintaining predictive models in the IXIS software platform. As ML Engineer at IXIS, you will play a critical role in joining together the work of data scientists, data engineers, and front- and back-end developers. The ideal candidate will combine deep technical expertise in machine learning (using R and/or Python) with equal proficiency in the principles of cloud software engineering, so that predictive models deployed to production are accurate, scalable, and cost-efficient.We offer competitive compensation packages including health, dental, vision and life insurance, flexible work schedules, and exceptional growth opportunities. This is a full-time, on-site position at our office in downtown Burlington, VT (however, we will consider remote candidates at our discretion). Note: remote work is currently practiced due to COVID-19 social distancing.ResponsibilitiesTrain, deploy, and monitor/maintain predictive models in the IXIS software platform, using Python and/or R in an AWS environmentParticipate in requirements gathering and solution design for new and ongoing projects, collaborating closely with Data Science, Engineering, and Product teamsAssist data engineers, back-end and front-end developers with designing, building and maintaining the data pipelines that power our softwarePrioritize multiple tasks intelligently and maintain clear lines of communication with supervisor, team, and clientsRequired Skills and ExperienceB.A./B.S. in Computer Science or related area; or B.A./B.S. in a quantitative area (such as Statistics, Applied Math, Data Science or Economics) with a minor (or equivalent experience) in Computer Science1+ years’ professional experience in a ML Engineering, Data Science, or Data Engineering role, with demonstrated success in training, deploying, and maintaining predictive models with quantified accuracy in a production software environment1+ years' professional experience deploying models within AWS using PyTorch, TensorFlow, or a similar deep learning framework - knowledge of Spark (EMR) and serverless (IAC) a plusMust be adept at functional programming in Python and/or R and love writing clean code – knowledge of DevOps (CICD) practices a plusExperience working with data in the wild, including structured and unstructured data, record linkage/householding, data cleaning/reshaping, descriptive data analysis, and exploratory data visualizationUncompromising attention to detail, critical thinking skills, and a systematic and creative approach to problem-solving, with strong data intuitionAbility to work well with a team and on a deadlineDesired Skills and ExperienceExperience deploying real-time predictive analytics endpoints (e.g., using AWS Sagemaker)Experience with customer analytics modeling (lifetime value, etc.) and experience working with web analytics/clickstream dataJob Type: Full-time
Data Engineer Expedia Group has a mission to become the world’s travel platform. As part of that effort, Expedia Group’s Data organization is building a common platform for all Expedia brands to capture and enrich data in order to power AI, data science, and programmatic platforms The Data Engineer role will be part of the Marketing Data Products team in the Expedia Group Data organization. Marketing Data Products team will provide programmatic access to clean, fast, and authoritative marketing data sources for the entire company. We will create robust enriched data products at rest (attribute stores, periodic facts, aggregates) and refresh them intra-day to enable self-service analytics What You’ll Do: Design, build, and support scalable and durable data solutions that can enable self-service consumption use cases using cloud-based technologies in an agile manner Support Expedia Group’s product and business teams’ specific data needs on a global scale Close partnership with internal partners from engineering, product, and business Write clean, efficient, and thoroughly tested code Be part of an agile team that is continuously learning and improving Develop scalable and highly-performant distributed systems with everything this entails (availability, monitoring, resiliency) Work with our business partners to flesh out and deliver on requirements in an agile manner Evolve development standards and practices Take architectural ownership for various critical components and systems Proactive problem-solving at the organization level Communicate and document solutions and design decisions Build bridges between technical teams to enable valuable collaborations Promote good development methodologies via code reviews, great software design, brown bags, or tech talks Provide support to both internal and external team members where necessary Evaluate and recommend tools, technologies, and efficient processes Who you are: Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering or related experience required Experience building data pipelines with data from event streams, NoSQL, APIs etc. using distributed data frameworks Experience in batch processing (using Spark) and stream processing required Professional development experience in Scala/Java required Experience with different aspects of data systems including database design, data modeling, performance optimization, SQL etc Understanding and experience in Kafka, Kubernetes, Spring, AWS, Hive, Docker a huge plus Strong communication skills (able to explain concepts to non-technical audiences as well as peers) Self-starter who is highly organized, communicative, quick learner, and team-oriented About Expedia Group Expedia Group (NASDAQ: EXPE) powers travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is a force for good, we help people experience the world in new ways and build lasting connections. We provide industry-leading technology solutions to fuel partner growth and success, while facilitating memorable experiences for travelers. Expedia Group's family of brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Vrbo®, Egencia®, trivago®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Hotwire®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Expedia Group™ Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert®, CarRentals.com™, and Expedia Cruises™. © 2021 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50 Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization.
B2B FinTech SaaSMUST BE HANDS ON, Must be able to do hands-on coding.Compensation: General Company Stock Equity Grants, Expected Minimal Annual Vesting of Stock Value by 2023: $1M Per Year (100% Stocks Prior to July 1st 2021, 50% Cash 50% Stocks or other ratio of combination after July 1st 2021)Technology Stack: Python, AWS, EC2, Kubernetes, Cassandra, FinTech APIs, ETL, Recommendation Engine, Advanced Tabnet Model, Denoise, AutoML, DbSCAN, DynamoDB, Clustering, NoSQL, Serverless Architecture, Clustering, Unsupervised LearningYou will acting as the Technical Leader to Data Science team of a total of about 6~8 people in collaboration with our Financial Quant team, to take our product to launch and iterations.We plan on Series A by Spring 2022. This is a great time to joins us and vest early stage equities.Though still in stealth mode, our business concept has been applauded by some of the most celebrated technology executives in the world.Must be proficient in ERD, Data Modeling, MUST BE HANDS ONMicroServices ArchitecturePrior FinTech experience is helpful, though not a mustBlockchain skills a plus though not a mustAI/ML skills a plus, though not a mustMust be proficient, must be punctual and attention-to-detailRemote is OK. Direct communication is important.Company Value and Benefits of Being with Us:3 Zero Benefits: Zero Politics, Zero Nonsense, Zero Bureaucracy.3 High Benefits: High Growth, High Efficiency, High Initiation3 Great Benefits: Great Colleagues, Great Product, Great FutureJob Types: Full-time, Part-timePay: $75,000.00 - $250,000.00 per yearBenefits:Employee assistance programFlexible scheduleProfessional development assistanceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payApplication Question(s):Have you designed and developed a B2B SaaS web application? What application and your role in the process.Work Location:Fully Remote
Summary Posted: Jul 7, 2021 Weekly Hours: 38 Role Number:200263264 The Information Intelligence team is looking for engineers to define and architect our on-device search technologies. As part of this group, you'll work with our machine learning, computer vision, and natural language processing teams, tailoring their work to run efficiently across Apple's range of products, and build partnerships across Apple in order to deliver great user experiences underpinned by modular, thoughtfully designed software. Key Qualifications1-2 years of iOS / macOS application development with Objective-C, Swift, and / or C++ Prior experience of developing frameworks and designing application programming interfaces You are comfortable working cross-functionally and can communicate complex ideas clearly (only for Senior candidate) Software optimization experience accompanied by knowledge of profiling tools and techniques Knowledge of machine learning fundamentals a plus Knowledge and experience in search and indexing technologies a plus Description In this role, you'll be working to define and implement the architecture of Apple's groundbreaking search technology across our entire range of products. You'll work closely with multiple teams across the organisation, building durable and reusable technologies written with efficiency in mind. You'll additionally be responsible not only for delivering the latest advances in search to our users, from text to media, but also safeguarding their privacy by leveraging the unique features of Apple devices. Successful candidates must be passionate about software architecture and system design, caring not only about user experience but also the tradeoffs and optimisations required to deliver great mobile experiences. Cross-functional collaboration and evangelism is a key part of this position, and you'll be expected to work with our computer vision, natural language processing, and machine learning teams to tailor their technologies for each and every Apple platform and operating system. Education & Experience BS in Computer Science or equivalent proven experience. Additional Requirements Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter where you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, reimburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products. Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements. Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Are you interested in being part of an innovative team that supports Westinghouse’s mission to provide clean energy solutions? At Westinghouse, we recognize that our employees are our most valuable asset and we seek to identify, attract and recruit the most qualified talent while recognizing and encouraging the value of diversity in the global workplace.  We are building a new Data Science group and are looking for five (5) team members to join our Global Innovation - Digital Technology Center of Excellence. Do you love Data Analytics? Consider joining us as we build this group from the ground up - you will be a part of a close knit team of collaborative Data Scientists and Data Engineers that are key contributors to providing Digital Solutions to our customers.  The Data Analyst is responsible for helping Westinghouse’s business units to understand data. Daily interactions with data scientists/data engineers, and stakeholders are expected in order to find insights in the different stages of our data or to bridge the gap between our products and services and the business. The Data Analyst will work primarily with several sources of data like Databases and filesystems, performing analysis in our Sandbox in Azure, and creating impactful reports in PowerBI. These are US ONLY Remote Roles.  Your Day to Day: Depending on scope complexity, the Data Analyst will either lead or work as a team member to: Research and investigate the data highlighting trends Unlock insights and monitor KPIs Analyze causes of unexpected data behavior and sharing with the team and the business Implement processes and systems to monitor data, ensuring insights and analyses are always available and ready to be used Prepare and deliver reports to leadership on data insights and recommendations for continuous improvement Deliver information and insights with effective presentations of findings through visual display of quantitative information Support Data Scientists’ understanding of the structure of data to feed the models and collaborate on the development of model performance dashboards Work in data driven projects from definition to execution –from the gathering of data to define metrics and communicate the insights  Who You Are: B. S. in Technology related major e.g. CS, Data Science, Finance, Engineering, Science 0-3 of experience of developing data analytics, reporting and visualization  Desired Background: Proficiency in data analysis and statistical analysis tools (Python preferred) Proficiency in SQL Familiarity with common Machine Learning application knowledge a plus. Familiarity with various data storage and management services such as relational databases, non-relational database, Data Lake 2.0, Azure Data Factory, Blob storage, and Hadoop Experience with Agile Software Development methodologies  Why Westinghouse? Westinghouse Electric Company is the global nuclear energy industry’s first choice for safe, clean, and efficient energy solutions. We enable our delivery of this vision by living our value system: Safety and Quality Integrity and Trust Customer Focus and Innovation Speed and Passion to Win Teamwork and Accountability  Westinghouse offers competitive benefits to all our employees around the globe to keep them healthy and enhance their well-being. In the U.S. the following are representative of what we offer: Competitive Salary Comprehensive Health, Wellness and Income Protection Benefits 401(k) Savings Plan with Company Match Paid Vacations and Holidays Opportunities for Flexible Work Arrangements Educational Reimbursement Program Employee Referral Program  While our Global Headquarters are located in Cranberry Township, PA, we have over 9,000 employees working at locations in 19 different countries. You can learn more by visiting http://www.westinghousenuclear.com. EOE of Minorities / Females / Vets / Disability.
Showtime Networks Inc. (SNI) owns and operates the premium television networks SHOWTIME®, THE MOVIE CHANNEL™ and FLIX®, and also offers SHOWTIME ON DEMAND®, THE MOVIE CHANNEL™ ON DEMAND and FLIX ON DEMAND®, and the network's authentication service SHOWTIME ANYTIME®. Showtime Digital Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of SNI, operates the stand-alone streaming service SHOWTIME®. SHOWTIME is currently available to subscribers via cable, DBS, and telco providers, and as a stand-alone streaming service through Amazon, Apple®, Google, LG Smart TVs, Oculus Go, Roku®, Samsung Smart TVs and Xbox One.  Overview & Responsibilities: Our team at Showtime Research is seeking a highly motivated candidate who loves working with data and transforming it into insights to join our OTT Analytics & Insights team. In this junior level role, you’ll analyze subscription, viewership and survey data to uncover and report findings that inform Showtime’s decisions in today’s rapidly changing media landscape. The BI Analyst will serve as an integral member of a small team where collaboration is key. This position will also have exposure to a variety of teams across SHO, including Data Science, Finance, Product Development, Scheduling, Marketing, and Sales. This position is based in NYC, but will start out remote.  Responsibilities Maintain and distribute regular reports monitoring the performance of SHO programming and subscription dynamics across all streaming platforms, including Standalone OTT service and Showtime add-ons through Amazon, Hulu, Spotify and many more), using Adobe, Tableau and 3rd party sources Utilize strong creative and analytical skills to compile and process data, tell a story and draw measurable conclusions that drive programming and development decisions Handle large amounts of data from various sources with an eye towards fusing similar metrics together Ensure quality standards across both data and report functionality; coordinate with Data Science and Engineering when anomalies are discovered Monitor analytics and metrics results, as well as implement new data analysis methodologies Work with partners to understand business objectives, define critical metrics based on those objectives and provide meaningful data Clean and analyze data for ongoing research programs, including awareness tracking of Showtime programming and other established research tools Provide ad-hoc data analysis under tight deadlines as required Stay informed of all new programming and product developments that may impact performance  Basic Qualifications : Bachelor’s degree in computer science, business, mathematics, economics, statistics, management, accounting or another related field. Min 1 year experience OR related internship preferred.  Additional Qualifications: Experience with Tableau or similar data visualization tools Experience working with major web analytics platforms like Adobe Analytics (Omniture) and Google Analytics Experience with SQL/Python a plus Digital media or subscription related experience Familiarity with Qualtrics or other survey software Interest in TV and the media landscape Strong Excel and PowerPoint skills Strong analytical, quantitative skills and problem solving skills Must be detail focused and passionate about data accuracy - with proactive problem solving skills and an eye for data investigation Able to work in a fast-paced environment under deadlines Ability to balance multiple tasks simultaneously Ability to effectively communicate insights A collaborative, teammate approach  ViacomCBS is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet.  At ViacomCBS, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. ViacomCBS is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status.  If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.viacomcbs.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to viacomaccommodations@viacom.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.
Position Description: The suitable candidate will function as the lead in projects related to data science and advanced analytics from the shop floor to the back office space. The Data Scientist will work with domain experts and operators in the plants to understand products and processes. Position Responsibilities: The suitable candidate will be part of a cross-functional team of Data Scientists that will be responsible for: Communicating highly technical concepts to both technical and non-technical individuals Providing new insight into existing data using predictive analytics and machine learning Recommending new data streams and ensuring data integrity Identifying new projects and opportunities, and the associated data requirements Delivering a range of reports suggesting improvements, data visualization and processing tools that can be used by floor workers, technicians, and engineers Leveraging the solutions implemented at various locations and sharing across other business units Working with domain and subject matter experts Assist in implementing tools and processes to sustain data collection and reporting Create dashboards and visualizations to communicate insights in the form of storytelling. Partner with Data Engineer to design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and production purposes. Determine new ways to improve data quality and predictive capabilities. Perform and interpret data studies and experiments concerning data sources or new uses for existing data sources. Fostering a data culture The position requires willingness to visit plants and foundries to observe the processes, and requires proper use of personal protective equipment (PPE). Professional skills: Willingness and ability to lead and take data science projects end-to-end Must be able to work with all relevant technical and non-technical parties to ensure that quality results are obtained, and that proper action is taken throughout the organization to improve products and processes The ability to identify questions independently and recognize new projects and new applications. This requires understanding of data requirements (sources, rates, storage, processing, etc.) Deep theoretical and practical understanding of predictive analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence algorithms, including, but not limited to: Bayesian classifiers and techniques, support vector machines, neural networks, decision trees, regression methods, unsupervised learning and clustering Skilled in math: calculus, linear algebra, numerical methods, optimization Skilled in statistics: statistical/ inference-based models, data visualizations Skilled in programming: Python, R, Tableau Database management and query languages: SQL, etc. Basic knowledge of instrumentation, sensors, and data acquisition systems Ability to understand a variety of applications and domains (embedded sensors, plant processes, etc.) Skills and Qualifications: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work with others who do not possess a background in data science Desire to work in a dynamic environment and have a continuous improvement and development mindset Willingness to travel as much as 25% of the time. The Data Scientist will have exposure to all business units, plants, processes, and products in order to work with local experts and technician engineers S. in Computer Science, Statistics, Math, Engineering Brenco is part of Amsted Rail Company, Inc., the world's leading manufacturer of undercarriage and end-of-car rail components for heavy haul freight railcars and locomotives. Our company focus is to provide the most innovative products and integrated systems to meet the needs of the global heavy haul freight rail industry. We offer a team-oriented atmosphere and competitive pay and benefits, including medical, dental, vision and life insurance, 401(k), ESOP program. We also have a park! The park is our recreational facility with a swimming pool, fishing ponds, basketball courts and a softball field. Come join a proud family! Amsted Rail - Brenco is the #1 US producer of tapered roller bearings in the railroad industry. Demand has exploded for our product all over the world. From start to finish, we manufacture our signature tapered roller bearings on-site, so you can imagine how challenging that may be. We pride ourselves on hard work and reaching our goals. We believe in support, collaboration and always extending a helping hand. Visit our website at www.amstedrail.com. You will be impressed! Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor???s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
This opportunity is located in San Diego, CA. Remote friendly during COVID-19  You can apply to the job with this email address:  swe__data_visualization_engineer___full_stack_6d769d992us@ivy.greenhouse.io  Company Overview  Come join a higher calling and find a deeper purpose!  As a multi-national Artificial Intelligence Technology Company, we are at the epicenter of the Autonomous Vehicle Universe. Our breakthroughs are leading the industry in autonomous trucking.  While inventing the framework of Autonomous Driving, our current fleet of autonomous Trucks are helping communities receive much-needed supplies and medical equipment around the clock. Our people are some of the most talented engineers and contributors who are leaving behind a historic legacy.  TuSimple was founded half a decade ago with the goal of bringing the top minds in the world together to achieve the dream of a driverless truck solution. With a foundation in computer vision, algorithms, mapping, and Artificial Intelligence, TuSimple is working to create the first global commercially viable Autonomous Freight Network. Data Visualization Engineer in Tusimple will provide a platform to monitor, review, control or debug the autonomous driving system. As a Fullstack engineer at TuSimple, you will work on both the back-end infrastructure and front-end Web UIs of various projects, from our offboard infrastructure services to the onboard system, to bring automation and visualization to the company. Your work will greatly improve the efficiency of the research of our algorithm scientists, and expedite the development of engineering infrastructure projects.  Opportunity Overview:  Working with developers in the company to understand data inside the vehicle system. Making decisions about APIs and data flow considering usability, performance and compatibility. Develop visualization tools using web rendering and modern javascript technologies. Build web interfaces for vehicle testing to control and monitor the system. For example, the perception objects around our vehicle; the system status; planning future decisions and reasons. Provide cloud service to view tremendous vehicle testing data after the trip for analytic purposes.  Role Responsibilities:  Develop 3D Rendering system using Three.js, WebGL, WebAssembly. Architect, implement and maintain data extraction and user interaction tools both for frontend and backend. Implement APIs for developers to use and extend current functionalities. Identify performance bottlenecks and safety issues in the system, benchmark on different methods and provide solutions.  Experience & Skills Required:  BS/MS in Computer Science, or related majors Experience with Graphics rendering tools, such as WebGL, OpenGL and Three.js Experience with modern standard of Javascript development, with frameworks such as Node.js/npm, Vue.js, React.js, TypeScript etc Experience with Python and C++ development Experience with web frameworks and tools such as Flask, Django, Nginx. Experience with cloud services, such as AWS Good understanding of containers, build systems, and infrastructure automation  Preferred Skills and Experience:  Experience with large scale visualization or editing tools Experience with modern C++ development Industry experience of building autonomous vehicle onboard visualization system  TuSimple Benefits  100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Breakfast, lunch, and dinner served every day Full kitchens on every floor with unlimited snacks, drinks, special treats, fruits, meals, and more Stock options / equity Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget Employer-paid life insurance Employer-paid long and short disability  TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items.   This opportunity is located in San Diego, CA. Remote friendly during COVID-19  You can apply to the job with this email address:  swe__data_visualization_engineer___full_stack_6d769d992us@ivy.greenhouse.io  Brown University, California Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University, Columbia University, Cornell University, Dartmouth College, Duke University, Georgia Institute of Technology, Harvard University, Harvey Mudd College, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, North Carolina State University, Northwestern University, Princeton University, Purdue University, Rice University, Rose - Hulman Institute of Technology, Stanford University, Tufts University, University of California â€” Berkeley, University of California â€” Los Angeles, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, University of Maryland-College Park, University of Massachusetts-Amherst, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, University of Notre Dame, University of Pennsylvania, University of Southern California, University of Texas Austin, University of Washington, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Williams College, Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI), Yale University, MIT, CMU, Waymo, Uber, Facebook, Uber, Amazon, Cruise, Tesla, Argo AI, Baidu, DIDI, Zoox, Nutonomy, Nuro, Aptiv, Pony.Ai, Kodiak, Toyota, Nissan, GM, Ford, VW, Autonomous Car, Autonomous Driving, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep learning, Perception, Prediction, Planning, Control, Anduril Industries, Sift, Nauto, Tempus, Salesforce, Automation Anywhere, SenSat, Phrasee, Defined Crowd, Pymetrics,Siemens, Socure, AEye, Rev.com, Suki.ai, Verkada, DataVisor, People.ai, AlphaSense, Icertis, Casetext, Blue River Tech, Nvidia, Bright Machines, Orbital Insight, Brighterion, H2O, Intel, Clarifa, X.ai, Zebra Medical Vision, Iris AI, Freenome, Neurala, Akamai, Zoho, ServiceNow, SalesForce, Oracle, Tableau,Splunk,Cvent, Veeam,Atlassian, DocuSign, Dropbox, Veeva Systems, Proofpoint, Cornerstone, Qualtrics. New Relic, Okta, Intralinks, MuleSoft, Freshworks, Slack, Twilio, Anaplan, Stripe, Workfront, Smartsheet, Zuora, OutSystems, Coupa, Cylance, Elastic, Zoom, SailPoint, BlackLine, iCIMS, Digitate, Qualys, Kareo, DataStax, DiscoverOrg, Siteimprove, Druva, Centrify, Looker, SimilarWeb, Odoo, Kyriba, Sumo Logic, Sisense, PagerDuty, DigitalOcean, Liquid Web, Zaloni, Databricks, ServiceTitan, Fastly, SnapLogic, Mendix, Couchbase, Egnyte, Seismic, Bill.com, Justworks, Collibra, ActiveCampaign, Schoology, SalesLoft, Cylynt,
The mission of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center is to eliminate cancer in Texas, the nation, and the world through outstanding programs that integrate patient care, research and prevention, and through education for undergraduate and graduate students, trainees, professionals, employees and the public.   The Research Assistant I in Radiation Oncology-Research will work closely with faculty, trainees, staff and collaborators to provide support for Dr. Chung's lab projects by organizing, collecting, recording and maintaining imaging data in an accurate and timely manner. The Research Assistant I will also develop algorithms (coding) for data modeling, analysis and visualization in Dr. Chung's lab.  KEY FUNCTIONS   1. Collaborate with faculty, trainees and staff in Radiation Oncology and other departments to conduct clinical and/or non-clinical research projects, including but not limited to human subjects and imaging research. 2. Complete protocol/project-specific tasks, which may include collecting, organizing and processing imaging data. 3. Maintain accurate, detailed records and experimental data. 4. Develops (or assists as needed) and maintains detailed project plans and documentation of data for the organization of the lab.  5. Assists with the curation and cleaning of clinical and imaging data for the development of computational and machine learning models. 6. Assists with the development of algorithms (coding) for data modeling, analysis and visualization. 7. Communicates clearly in oral and written communications and face-to-face encounters with institutional and external collaborators using appropriate terminology (i.e. medical) as needed. 8. Assists in the preparation of information and reports for project PI as requested. 9. Assist in the preparation of data used for progress reports, manuscripts, presentations and abstracts by cleaning and entering data in data management programs in a timely fashion. 10. Attends and participates in departmental activities and initiatives.  11. Perform other duties as assigned.  WORKING CONDITIONS   This position requires working in an office environment; continual use of a computer/keyboard.   This position requires:  Working in Office Environment ______ No __X___ Yes Working in Patient Care Unit (e.g. Nursing unit; outpatient clinic) X No ______ Yes Exposure to human/animal blood, body fluids, or tissues __X___ No Yes Exposure to harmful chemicals ___X__ No Yes Exposure to radiation __X__ No Yes Exposure to animals __X___ No Yes  PHYSICAL DEMANDS Indicate the time required to do each of the following physical demands: Time Spent Never 0% Occasionally 1-33% Frequently 34-66% Continuously 67-100%  Standing X  Walking X  Sitting X Reaching X  Lifting/Carrying Up to 10 lbs X  10lbs to 50 lbs X  More than 50 lbs X  Pushing/Pulling Up to 10 lbs X  10lbs to 50 lbs X  More than 50 lbs X  Use computer/keyboard X  Education Required: Bachelor's degree, major course work in one of the basic sciences.   Preferred: Master's in data science   Experience Required: No experience.   Preferred: Computer programing, clinical and/or laboratory experience.   It is the policy of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by institutional policy or by federal, state or local laws unless such distinction is required by law. http://www.mdanderson.org/about-us/legal-and-policy/legal-statements/eeo-affirmative-action.html  Additional Information  Requisition ID: 139419 Employment Status: Full-Time Employee Status: Regular FLSA: non-exempt, eligible for overtime, and is subject to the provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) Work Week: Days Fund Type: Soft Pivotal Position: No Minimum Salary: US Dollar (USD) 30,400 Midpoint Salary: US Dollar (USD) 38,000 Maximum Salary : US Dollar (USD) 45,600 Science Jobs: Yes
Summary  We are looking for someone with either quantitative, qualitative, or mixed methods analyses experience (SPSS, R, and/or NVivo/MaxQDA) and a strong methodological background. Reporting to and working closely with the Director of Operations, statisticians will provide statistical and consultation services to clients.  Statisticians/Methodologists Needed - Part Time (Work from Home)  We are a consulting firm specialising in post-graduate-level research, writing, and statistical analysis. We are seeking statisticians to (a) assist our clients in processing and analysing their data, and/or (b) advise on doctoral-level write up of methods, results, or discussion, and/or (c) provide feedback on the efficacy of different types of methods, techniques, and analyses. Some tests commonly requested by our clients include:  T-test Paired t-test Chi-square test ANOVA/ MANOVA ANCOVA Linear Regression Correlation Thematic coding of transcripts, case studies, and focus groups Education/Experience Required: PhD or equivalent advanced academic degree In lieu of advanced degree, significant working experience in statistics may be acceptable Demonstrated experience working with quantitative and/or qualitative analysis (SPSS, NVivo, R, or MaxQDA) Strong communication skills Equipment Required: MS Office 2010 or newer Reliable Internet connection Access to at least one of the following statistical analysis software packages: SPSS, R, NVivo, MaxQDA Terms Part-time, remote work, with flexible schedule options You would be hired as a contractor Hiring Process:  After reviewing your CV, if you have the appropriate credentials we will send you a Confidentiality Agreement to sign prior to sending you any of our training materials.  After we receive your signed confidentiality agreement, we will send you additional documentation including a statistics assessment and the job description. The statistics assessment is an important step in this process as we need to know that you really know how to conduct analyses of the nature that is common for our clients and are adept at communicating the findings.  After reviewing your statistics assessment, if you do well on it, you will be welcome to join our team. At which point we will send you more materials describing how projects are assigned and get you your first paid project!  How to Apply Send CV Send a cover letter describing the statistical analysis software and methods in which you are (a) an expert and (b) with which you are somewhat familiar. Interested parties should send their CV and cover letter to our Director of Operations, Dr. Dawn Leach at info@dissertation-editor.com  Compensation: Compensation varies per project.
Immediate need for a talented Data Scientist with experience in the Utility Industry. This is a 6+ Month Contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in Charlotte, NC. Please review the job description below,  Job ID: 21-36561  Key Responsibilities: This role will work closely with Market Strategy & Intelligence Analytics Managers and collaboratively develop financial and customer segmentation opportunity details based on insights stemming from market research.The Market Strategy & Intelligence organization is responsible for creating and maintaining a mid-tier tactical plan for the Company.As part of this responsibility, the team will create and maintain a roadmap of executable growth opportunities and risks across identified customer segments and product lines, creating a key segment level playbook for use by product development, business development, and sales functions.This role will also assist in tracking and organizing data into a comprehensive reporting database and dashboard.A candidate for this role must possess an ability to meet a variety of non-routine challenges, expertise in quantitative analysis (energy industry, customer and/or financial analysis), data science, and a working understanding of strategic analysis concepts.The team will address regulated and non-regulated opportunities in both native and non-native footprints.  Key Requirements and Technology Experience: Understanding of and ability to use analytics tools such as Excel, SQL, Power BI, and/or other commonly used tools to support analysis such as data trending and forecastingA strong command of strategic analysis concepts and demonstrated experience in financial analysis and quantitative modelingWorking knowledge of statistics and predictive modelingQuantitative experience in managing diverse, large data sets, configuring complex spreadsheets, and/or scenario analysisDemonstrated strength in communication and collaboration skillsWorking knowledge of code writing and programming  Our client is a leading Utility Industry, and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration. #cha
We are looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our company. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights. In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We want to see a passion for machine-learning and research. Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions.ResponsibilitiesIdentify valuable data sources and automate collection processesUndertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured dataAnalyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patternsBuild predictive models and machine-learning algorithmsCombine models through ensemble modelingPresent information using data visualization techniquesPropose solutions and strategies to business challengesCollaborate with engineering and product development teamsSkillsProven experience as a Data Scientist or Data AnalystExperience in data miningUnderstanding of machine-learning and operations researchKnowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an assetExperience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop)Analytical mind and business acumenStrong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra)Problem-solving aptitudeExcellent communication and presentation skillsBSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or other quantitative field is preferredJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $78,988.00 - $181,235.00 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Doctorate (Preferred)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
DATA ENGINEERING MANAGER GAMING NYC METROPOLITAN AREA $160,000 - $170,000 A European gaming company has opened an office in the NYC area and needs a Data Engineering leader to be the backbone of their team. This is a great opportunity for a data professional who loves sports! THE COMPANY This company was founded around its love of sports almost two decades ago, and it is now a mainstay within the gaming space worldwide. They have merged technology and gaming to bring a seamless platform to their customer base and are now expanding their data team. You will have the pleasure of working to bring joy to sports fans around the world. THE ROLE - Data Engineering Manager As Data Engineering Manager, you will be wearing many hats, getting the opportunity to work with many technologies. You will be working daily with ETL pipelines as a traditional Data Engineer. You will also be working with the Business Intelligence team to provide data models whenever necessary. Additional responsibilities include: Developing, maintaining, and optimizing the data platform and ecosystem with the help of your team Reporting directly to the Managing Director, and working with the Data Product team to work with other stakeholders throughout the company Communicating the direction of the data projects to the engineering team, as well as adjacent teams Working with members of the data science team to help build and optimize the company's product. YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE: Degree educated in a numerical discipline (computer science or relevant field) Experience building ETL pipelines with AWS Commercial experience using Python and SQL, as well as BI tools like Tableau or Looker Professionally experience with data streaming and data scheduling tools Experience mentoring and leading a team in some capacity BENEFITS: As Data Engineering Manager you can expect to earn up to $170,000 (depending on experience), 401k, medical, dental, vision, and more. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your resume to Danny Macdonald via the Apply link on this page. KEYWORDS: Data Engineer, Data Engineering Manager, Python, SQL, Business Intelligence, Tableau, Looker, PowerBI, ETL Pipeline, Kafka, Data Streaming, Data Leadership, Spark
JOB TITLE: StatisticianLOCATION: Remote, Little Rock BasedFLSA STATUS: ExemptSCOPE OF POSITION :Provide statistical support for the development of measurement/re-measurement techniques, data analysis and reporting of quality improvement projects, surveys and HEDIS needs. Assist in the coordination of data activities for specific projects and assure compliance with established protocols and contractual requirements. Support the organization’s mission, vision, and values by exhibiting the following behaviors: Honesty, Excellence Accountability, Respect and Teamwork.ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS :Develop and write suitable data sampling frames to meet project goals and objectives.Download/export data from large data sets/databases and generate SAS code to edit data for accuracy and completeness.Manipulate data and conduct data analysis using SAS statistical package.Interpret, summarize and document results from statistical analyses.Produce graphs, charts and other visual representations of data.Prepare summary reports of analysis for presentation to internal and external clients.Conduct workshops, seminars and staff training as needed.Ensure projects follow AFMC and/or certified survey protocol in terms of abstract design, data collection, statistical analysis and contractual requirements.Write or update project methodologies as needed to accomplish project goals and objectives.Communicate effectively with internal and external clients.Assist in data entry, data verification, verification of results and database maintenance as required or directed.Adhere to format, content and style guidelines, giving consideration to usability and ensuring accuracy, consistency, and quality.Follow AFMC, state and federal protocols regarding data confidentiality/security and HIPAA compliance.Additional duties as assigned.Physical and Sensory Requirements (With or Without the Aid of Mechanical Devices) :Mobility, reaching, bending, lifting, grasping, ability to read and write, ability to communicate with personnel, ability to remain calm under stress and ability to travel. Must be capable of performing the essential functions of this job, with or without reasonable accommodations.EDUCATION: Required: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics or related fieldDesirable: Masters in statistics or related fieldEXPERIENCE: Required: Experience in statistical analysis including writing SAS programs, data manipulation, model estimation and model evaluationINTERNET REQUIREMENTS: Reliable, high-speed wireless internet service (Wi-Fi)KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Intermediate skill level with MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint).Type 40 wpmAdvanced skill level with SAS.Ability to apply statistical and mathematical concepts.Possess a strong understanding of quantitative methods.Ability to maintain confidentiality.Strong oral and written communication skills.Creativity.Customer service.Ability to meet deadlines.Attention to detail.Flexibility.Ability to work collaboratively and independently to achieve stated goals.Initiative.Must be able to relate professionally and positively with staff, business partners, customers, constituents, recipients and the public.Ability to multitask.Ability to prioritize.Strong organizational skills.Problem solving skills.Professionalism.Ability to read, interpret and apply laws, rules and regulations.Time management skills.Medical terminology.Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled EEO IS THE LAWAFMC, Inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability or any other status protected by federal, state and/or local law. AFMC invites any employee and/or applicant to review the Company’s Affirmative Action Plan. This plan is available for inspection upon request, which may be made in person or by telephone (501) 212-8796, by fax (501) 212-8797 or by U.S. mail Attn: Human Resources, 1020 West 4th Street, Suite 400, Little Rock, AR 72201.How to Apply with AFMC:To be considered an applicant for a position, please visit www.afmc.org/careers to apply.AFMC conducts drug and nicotine screens, and background checks post-offer. Upon receipt of your application, AFMC may send you additional documentation to complete. If your qualifications and experience fit with those required for the position, you may be contacted to arrange an interview. The number of interviews can vary. Also, the position may be filled fairly quickly, or possibly remain open for a few weeks. After a decision has been made, the selected candidate will be called with an offer of employment.Job Type: Full-timePay: Up to $75,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
The Challenge: Critical decisions are made every single day in our government. What if you could use your language and analytical skills to help them make informed decisions? With all the information available today, it takes a skilled analyst to know how to find and interpret the best data to give their clients the right answers. As a MENA language-enabled OSINT analyst, you use your specialized language, analytic, and technical experience, and your attention to detail to develop reports, intelligence, translations, and analytic assessments to give your client the actionable intelligence and context they need. If you have strong analytical skills and a problem-solving mindset, we have an opportunity to use those skills to protect our national security and inform national-level decision makers. As a MENA language-enabled OSINT analyst on our team, you’ll help your client understand complex technical, political, and operational changes in given regions. Using your understanding of various foreign language and OSINT collection platforms, you’ll explore new data sources, build effective queries, and combine information from disparate sources including OSINT, SIGINT, GEOINT, ELINT, and more. You’ll validate information and apply client tradecraft as you build assessments for the internal client, IC-wide customers, and senior policy makers. As the authority in your language and region of interest, your client will look to you for time critical recommendations, often under pressure. This is a chance to grow your expertise, develop new skills in key structured analytic techniques, language, culture, and data science and share your methodologies with other analysts. We focus on growing as a team to deliver the best support to our customers, so you’ll have resources for mentoring and learning new skills and tools. Join us as we provide the right information at the right time to support the critical needs of our client and the broader IC. Empower change with us. You Have:Experience with intelligence analysisAbility to show proficiency in Farsi, including a Listening and Reading score of 2 on the DLPT or ILR or ODA or ACTFL Advanced LowTS/SCI clearanceHS diploma or GED Nice If You Have:Knowledge of computer programming languages, including Python, R, SQL, or JavaKnowledge of other intelligence disciplines, including SIGINT, HUMINT, and GEOINTBA or BS degree preferred; MA or MS degree a plus Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and intelligence. When you join Booz Allen, we’ll help you develop the career you want. Challenging projects – Whether training analysts on military equipment through VR technology; developing a simulation capability to allow teams to rehearse missions together; or integrating RFID tags into mobile devices to enable data access within a geo parameter, you’ll get to solve some of the world’s toughest problems Meaningful work – Use your skills to empower change. Your work will keep citizens and warfighters safe and well both at home and abroad State-of-the-art technology – Broaden your intelligence capabilities with digital forensics, telematics, precision navigation, secure mobile operations, and advanced analytics New skills – In-house experts and partnerships with tech leaders, like Nvidia and Splunk, mean you can get practical experience with advanced GPU technologies, cybersecurity, and data science Room to grow – You’ll be inspired to grow your career while making your ideas a reality thanks to new opportunities across the U.S. and abroad, encouraging mentors, and collaborative colleagues We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. #LI-AH1, APC7, ID19, NSG1
MUST HAVE Data Science, Python, Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Machine Learning skills. DO NOT SEND UNLESS THEY HAVE ALL THIS.   6 months initially / probable extension(s) to 18 or 24 months Interview / phone or ZOOM Possible remote / prefer people near Wells Fargo hub locations Remote initially either way Wells Fargo Hub locations; San Francisco or Los Angeles, CA Phoenix or Chandler, AZ Portland, WA Salt Lake City, UT Denver, CO Dallas or San Antonio, CA Minneapolis, MN Des Moines, IA St. Louis, MO Chicago (actually Rosemont, IL) New York Metro Boston, MA Philadelphia, PA Washington, DC Richmond, VA Charlotte, Winston-Salem or Raleigh, NC Atlanta, GA Job Description;  Data Encryption Project– WF Group has made a commitment to encrypt all PII, Personal Identity Information. Project will be encrypting all personal information across the entire customer base. Expectations are to take every program and every model, re-write, decrypt, and add code to all data in every warehouse to re-encrypt every piece of data and put it back into production encrypted across the Wells global banking system. This is role is part of this data encryption project.  The Mgr. needs a Data Scientist type of contractor, especially people with Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning skills. Processing text data, data visualization, Python/R code help, building supervised/unsupervised Machine Learning models, especially on text; help with other BAU activities.
Position: Data Scientist Location: Menlo Park CA or Remote Qualification: Bachelors’ degree in Computer Science or a related field Experience: 3-5yrs Job description:  Design and develop software solutions to problems related to managing networks consisting of a large number of devices;  Design and develop software solutions to integrate with and orchestrate 3rd party network element managers, identity providers, authorization managers, firewalls, edge devices;  Develop software in C/C++ and Python on Linux and other networked operating systems;  Design and develop data analytics system for networking telemetry and configuration data;  Evaluate and adopt stream processing, batch processing and monitoring solutions applicable for networking domain; and  Collaborate with the Product Management team.
We are looking for a savvy Data Scientist to join our growing team of analytics experts. You will be a part of the team responsible for optimizing Lands’ End’s marketing and operational processes and provide critical insights for the executive team. Your background is one that is filled with exploration and curiosity. In addition, you feel comfortable with data – exploring, sifting, modeling and seeing things that others could not see.  As a key member of the analytics and insights team, you will provide modeling and analysis in support of the highest priority efforts. You are self-directed and comfortable leading projects and coordinating across teams. In addition, you would be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing the company’s approach to pricing, discounting, targeting and customer retention.  To help with your efforts, you can expect a comprehensive technology stack, very talented co-workers and an AWS-based analytics environment with an array of on-line and off-line data. You will work with fellow data science team members developing algorithms to enhance business performance and the customer experience in an agile environment. Because of its dedication and efforts, Lands’ End is #19 on the NRF’s list of fasting growing retailers, an Internet Retailer top 100 company and a great part of your future. Responsibilities Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies through: Clear scoping and definition processes Data acquisition, cleaning and exploratory analyses Careful and informed selection of models, algorithms, approaches Measuring performance and iterating to strong solutions Present findings to stakeholders and share insights with team members Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes Develop testing strategies to implement varying approaches Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy Review code generated by the team for fitness, appropriateness and optimality Share technical knowledge and mentor other staff members within broader analytics and e-commerce communities Qualifications BS in quantitative discipline required with MS+ preferred Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large, disconnected datasets Commercial-level comfortability with Python and/or R and the key respective libraries used to support DS efforts. Mastery of Python is especially helpful. Experience in other open-source model development environments like Sagemaker, TensorFlow, KNIME, etc. preferable along with AWS experience. Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, NN, text mining, etc. and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Digital Analytics experience is helpful. Experience with web services like Redshift, S3 and Spark helpful Strong project management and organizational skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams Curiosity along with the ability to think critically and clearly, understand business contexts and needs, as well as deliver key insights and recommendations to senior stakeholders. A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor???s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
Summary Posted: Jul 28, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200145649 The Siri team at Apple responsible for the customer facing features is looking for strong engineers who have a passion for building groundbreaking technology. Our goal is to create unsurpassed artificial intelligence solutions for millions of people. Together we write the software that crafts the Siri experience, define what Siri says and displays, and determine what Siri can do. As a successful Siri engineer, you will combine strong technical skills with a good product design sense, and are driven to deliver a phenomenal customer experience. Key Qualifications Experience in app development with Objective-C or Swift using iOS or OS X frameworks is a big plus. You have strong Computer Science fundamentals, including familiarity with data structures. You possess in-depth experience in object-oriented programming (Java, C++, or similar languages). You know how to design interfaces to integrate with multiple software components. You care a lot about testing your code, shipping quality software, and how customers use our product. You’re excellent at problem solving, critical thinking, and cross-functional communication. Description We are looking for someone with a combination of strong programming skills and a creative, user-focused mindset. Our team defines and delivers the Siri experience used by hundreds of millions of people to make phone and FaceTime calls, look up call records, and otherwise stay connected with the people in their lives via VoIP apps. We use Siri's advanced machine learning speech recognition and natural language technologies to create rich conversational interfaces for our users. You will be an excellent teammate who can collaborate with engineers in several technical areas who have built the entire range of Siri's user facing capabilities. You should be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment with rapidly changing priorities. Specific Responsibilities: • Crafting and implementing user feature interactions and work flow that provide intelligent user assistance for Siri related features. • Working with our platform teams to define infrastructure interfaces. • Working with design and client-side engineering teams to ensure a great user experience. • Working with localization team to support the Siri experience in multiple languages Education & Experience BS/MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience.
Data Scientist Our client, one of the largest food and drug retailers, are currently looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large data sets to develop custom models and algorithms to drive business solutions. The position will be based out of their Sunnyvale, CA facility but will be remote for now due to Covid. Data Scientists work on project teams in order to provide analytical support to projects for eCommerce. Data Scientists are responsible for building large data sets from multiple sources in order to build algorithms for predicting future data characteristics. Those algorithms will be tested, validated, and applied to large data sets. Data Scientists are responsible for training the algorithms so they can be applied to future data sets and provide the appropriate search results. Data Scientists are responsible for researching new trends in the industry and utilizing up-to-date technology Key Responsibilities Understands and translates business and functional needs into data scientist problem statements Build complex data sets from multiple data sources, both internally and externally. Develop custom data models to drive innovative business solutions. Write complex queries and extract data to build database architecture. Integrate data products into dashboards and user interfaces as needed, by collaborating with the engineering team Sift and analyze data from multiple angles, looking for trends that highlight problems or opportunities Use strong business acumen, as well as an ability to communicate findings, and mine vast amounts of data for useful insights Apply innovative and scientific/quantitative analytical approaches to draw conclusions and make recommendations to answer business objectives Skills Proficiency in machine learning algorithms such as multi-class classifications, decision trees, support vector machines and deep learning Strong understanding of probability and statistical models (generative and descriptive models) Ability to run experiments scientifically and analyze results Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts and results to technical and business audiences in a comprehensive manner Ability to collaborate effectively across multiple teams and stakeholders, including analytics teams, development teams, product management and operations Must Haves 1-3 years’ experience in building ML-based models Strong CS fundamentals in algorithms, data structures, OOPS, functional programming. Strong Experience with Big Data processing (Bigquery / Hive/ Hadoop/ HDFS/ Spark) Productionize the developed Machine Learning solutions Hands-on Experience with GCP Cloud ( Dataflow, Dataproc, ML Engine, Datalabs, Kubeflows) Strong background in ML algorithms for time series datasets. Strong background in Statistics. Familiarity with Deep Learning algorithms. Strong knowledge and experience with Databases (Relational Maria/Mysql and NoSQL Cassandra/Hbase/Bigtable) Expert knowledge and experience with Java/Scala/Python String grasp of principles and approaches used in Data-driven systems, processes and algorithms Scripting skills in at least one of the following: Shell, Perl, Python, Bash, or Ruby Experience with Performance Engineering including testing, tuning and monitoring tools. About Maxonic: Since 2002 Maxonic has been at the forefront of connecting candidate strengths to client challenges. Our award-winning, dedicated team of recruiting professionals are specialized by technology, are great listeners, and will seek to find a position that meets the long term career needs of our candidates. We take pride in the over 5,000 candidates that we have placed, and the repeat business that we earn from our satisfied clients. Interested in Applying? Please click apply with your most current resume and anything else you’d like us to know about you. You should also feel free to email Bhavana Mathur at bhavana.m@maxonic.com or call at 408-400-2297. #Maxonic:bhavana.m@maxonic.com
BUILD your career with a global, diversified company that provides market leading assessment capabilities and technology services to help clients around the world achieve their goals. LIVE your passion through a culture that actively supports community involvement and embraces a "whole person" company benefits philosophy including a compensation package designed for your total well-being. CREATE our future by empowering organizations of all sizes to monitor, measure, and understand information in order to improve effectiveness. For more than four decades, we have been recognized as the trusted source for reliable data capture, assessment, and analysis. We are the iconic brand in assessment and technology services. We are Scantron professionals. Scantron is a global, diversified company that provides market leading assessment capabilities and technology services to help learners, educators, business owners, and professionals around the world achieve their goals. We empower organizations of all sizes to monitor, measure, and understand information in order to improve effectiveness. For more than four decades, the Scantron brand has been recognized as the trusted source for assessments, analytics, technology services, managed print, and data capture solutions. Scantron is headquartered in Eagan, MN, with offices in Omaha, NE, Columbia, PA, and in the Research Triangle of NC. www.Scantron.com Rewards Take charge of your future with our generous 401K savings plan with company match, which is vested from day one. Participate in our company wide well-being program that also serves to lower your annual health insurance premiums. Explore new education opportunities with our Tuition Reimbursement Plan which covers up to $5,250. We offer work-life flexibility, meeting personal obligations along with professional success. JOB SUMMARY The Statistical Analyst supports the Psychometricians in the areas of assessment and survey design, measurement, statistical analysis, scoring, reporting, and written documentation for both internal and external client projects. This position requires proficiency and experience in various aspects of data management and statistical analysis. The Statistical Analyst will assist in psychometric related activities involved in Scantron’s off-the-shelf products and custom assessment/survey and measurement services. This includes data cleaning, preparation and management data analysis, technical documentation, and Scantron support documentation. REQUIRED SKILLS/EXPERIENCE Experience working with large data sets and conducting statistical analytics Proficiency with statistical packages such as SAS or SPSS and Excel Experience with documentation, writing reports or publishing academic/research papers ADDITIONAL SKILLS/EXPERIENCE Familiarity with R and Winsteps Experience with databases and SQL Experience in educational and/or credentialing testing/assessment, psychometrics, or related field Knowledge of classical test theory and item response theory Experience with data cleaning and quality control/assurance measures Demonstrated mastery of analytic skills and ability to effectively interpret data Exhibit excellent attention to detail Proficiency in solving problems independently Proficient in oral and written communication Display personal accountability with a strong work ethic Ability to receive feedback and engage in self-reflective behaviors Capacity to effectively work with a highly functional team EDUCATION Bachelors in Statistics, Quantitative Methods, Computer Science or related field required Graduate degree in related field a plus KEY ATTRIBUTES Influencer – Consensus-building; change management; motivator Accountability – Own the work; resolve conflicts; decisiveness; consistency in follow through Teamwork – Unify and motivate groups; collaborate with others on problem solving; actively listen to others and respect individual talents and differences; go above and beyond own area of responsibility Customer Focus – Passion for understanding market and customer needs and providing better solutions to our end-customers’ toughest issues Relationships – Outstanding interpersonal/relationship management skills Imaginative – Innovates by turning good ideas into action Integrity – Demonstrates the willingness and ability to do the right thing All employees are responsible for demonstrating the company's Core Values at all times and for using Performance Excellence principles to continuously improve effectiveness, efficiency, products, and services. This includes, but is not limited to, participating on improvement teams, recommending and implementing improvement ideas, and participating in training and other activities to keep up to date on processes, information, etc. All employees are responsible for supporting and complying with internal and external audits, to include providing information, performing assigned tasks to ensure compliance, and preparing and maintaining evidence that key duties identified as internal controls have been performed. All employees are responsible for supporting and complying with safety and security policies to promote a healthy working environment. Scantron. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Applicants who have disabilities may request that accommodations be made in order to complete the selection process by contacting our Director of Talent Acquisition at 919.657.6903. 9Sb81iymzQ
Recruitment Information Recruitment Number 21-0289 - Some of the immediate vacancies are for Temporary employment. The immediate vacancies are with the Department of Health and Department of Transportation, Highways Division.  THIS JOB POSTING WILL REMAIN OPEN UNTIL 30 APPLICATIONS ARE RECEIVED. PLEASE APPLY IMMEDIATELY AS THIS RECRUITMENT MAY CLOSE AT ANY TIME.  Level III: $4,252 to $5,178 per month (SR-20, Step C to H) Level IV $4,600 to $5,600 per month (SR-22, Step C to H)  Hiring rates will be based on availability of funds, the applicant's qualifications, and other relevant factors.  Note: Employees appointed to temporary positions may also gain membership in the civil service upon satisfactory completion of an initial probation period of at least six months. Once you become a member of the civil service, you become eligible to apply for promotion and transfer opportunities to permanent as well as other temporary positions. You may also enjoy other rights and benefits afforded to an employee in a permanent position with the exception of return rights and placement rights associated with a reduction-in-force. Duties Summary Level III: Conducts research studies through the application of research and statistical methods in a subject matter specialty; and performs other related duties as assigned.  Level IV: Conducts specialized research studies through the application of research and statistical methods in a subject matter specialty; and performs other related duties as assigned.  Minimum Qualification Requirements To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:  Basic Education: A bachelor's degree from an accredited four-year college or university, which included three (3) semester credit hours in statistics is required at both levels.  Specialized Experience: One and one-half (1 1/2) years for Level III and two and one-half (2-1/2) years for Level IV of professional work experience conducting research and/or statistical studies which involved planning and designing surveys; modifying and applying research and statistical methods and techniques to the collection and analysis of data; and preparing summaries or reports with data presented in graphic, narrative or numerical form.  Non-Qualifying Work Experience: Without other indication of professional statistical experience, work in processing of numerical or quantified information by other than statistical methods is not considered appropriate qualifying experience. Examples of such non-qualifying experience include statistical clerical work; statistical drafting; work requiring the calculation of totals, averages, percentages or other arithmetic summations; work involving the preparation of simple tables or charts; work requiring the verification of data by simple comparison or proofreading.  Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum Qualification Requirements, will apply.
ARLINGTON, VA/FRAYM DATA SCIENCE / FULL TIME   About Fraym:  Our company has pioneered the use of geospatial data to understand population dynamics. Governments and organizations around the world rely on Fraym data to make strategic and operational decisions while tackling challenges like inequity and insecurity, climate vulnerability, public health, and more. Our advanced AI/ML models are the first to generate high-resolution insights about human characteristics and behaviors at the sub-neighborhood level and make them commercially available at scale.   Summary of Position:  Fraym is seeking a Data Science Team Lead to help their team grow a portfolio of analytical product offerings and improve predictive algorithms in a small data context. Your contributions will support decisions made in emerging markets across international development and intelligence sectors. Your work will be split between people management (50%) and technical leadership (50%) responsibilities.  You enjoy managing a team that builds client-driven solutions from data wrangling to delivered products. You should have a strong data science background and experience working with geospatial data, libraries, and software. Preference will be given to applicants with experience in growing teams as well as algorithm design and/or analytic solutions.  Responsibilities:  Managing a small, talented team of ML engineers and data scientists who are responsible for creating and deploying new methods to meet existing client needs. Collaborating with data science team leadership to determine, drive, and pivot the data science team and overall Fraym vision Coordinating with our data analytics team in the execution of data science workflows Contributing to the development of product offerings and capabilities such as machine learning applications, data subscription packages, and inventive data visualizations Developing workflows and identifying new applications of methodologies for company-initiated use-cases leveraging multiple data sources, as well as generalizing methodologies developed in-house Managing and growing research projects from inception to full scale workflows, products, and applications in coordination with data engineers and data architects   Requirements:  Bachelor’s or master’s degree in a related field At least 3 year of working in a data science context, including people management in a data science, or adjacent, industry Proven ability to mentor and guide the professional trajectory of individuals they have managed Essential skills: GIS / geospatial tools (Arc/Q, gdal/rasterio, raster package), Working in the nitty gritty of Machine Learning modeling, including applying suitable best practice techniques for model testing, tuning,, accuracy, and validity Python (geopandas, sklearn, numpy, etc.) and/or R (raster, tidyverse, caret, etc.) cloud computing environment (AWS). Git, version control Preferred Requirements:  Communicating methodology to non-technical audiences Knowledge management experience Formal training or experience in project management best practices (such as Agile) Experience working with or in the intelligence sector   Working at Fraym:  Competitive, market-based salary commensurate with experience, including base salary and annual performance bonus Professional development and learning opportunities Stay healthy and happy through our comprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance including other ancillary benefits Save for the future with our 401(k) program Health & Wellness stipend for self-care Take time away from the office through our Flexible Paid Time Off We are committed to fostering a positive work-life balance culture Be a part of a community and take part in our lunch & learns and team outings We are a “Growth Culture” that provides opportunities for career advancement and professional development in a fast-growing company   Fraym also offers visa sponsorship of international candidates. Interested? Please submit your application with a resume and short statement answering, Why Fraym?  Not sure you tick all the boxes? We encourage you to apply. We have a culture of learning, and if this job description sounds exciting, we’d love to hear from you.  Fraym recruits, employs, trains, compensates and promotes regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, family status, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law.
Data, Research & Insights Trust & Safety Spotify is seeking an experienced Researcher to join our Algorithmic Impact & Responsibility effort. This effort focuses on empowering Spotify teams to assess the algorithmic impact of their products on audio culture, avoid algorithmic harms and unintended data or machine learning side effects, and better serve worldwide audiences and creators. Location New York or Remote Americas Job type Permanent Your role will be to further shape algorithmic responsibility at Spotify, set policy and processes, while developing practical methods to ensure equitable outcomes with product teams in practice. You will ensure a better understanding of Spotify’s impact, as well as product-specific auditing methods that encourage equity in music and podcasts. You will increase our abilities to understand the effects of data, machine learning and recommendation choices on listener and creator communities, including topics such as information access and community growth. Significant cross-functional collaboration is encouraged, and you’ll deeply influence the way that algorithmic responsibility is operationalized at Spotify. You will work with a variety of teams, including other researchers, data scientists, product teams as well as policy and legal constituents. You will be communicating with internal and external partners with differing perspectives and needs, and will translate sophisticated open questions into concrete analysis and action. What you'll do You will develop and iterate policy and auditing processes related to tech responsibility, algorithmic fairness and representation in the music and podcast industry. Develop strategy around cultural equity in audio and Machine Learning projects. Together with policy, product and research teams, growing and evolving methods to assess and address potential data, model and metric inequities. Define success measures and build tools that predict and supervise performance of strategic projects passionate about algorithmic and content programming responsibility. Communicate insights and recommendations to both highlight technical specialized internal and external audiences, but also non-technical audiences, through clear visualizations and presentations. Contribute to the algorithmic fairness and responsibility research community through publishing. You must be comfortable reviewing or be exposed to sensitive content, and having related conversations with teams. Who you are You have validated expertise within tech responsibility and the intersection of algorithmic bias, gender, and racial equity. You actively participate in related communities. You have extensive leadership experience. You deeply care about the translation of abstract research, or high-level calls to action into concrete methods, and practice. You are comfortable making concrete recommendations to teams, on the basis of solid research. You can educate and communicate convincingly, both to less experienced audiences as well as very experienced decision makers. You are passionate about music and popular culture in general. You ideally have previous experience in either representation in music, media, entertainment, cultural heritage, or projects related to misinformation spread, communities or radicalization. You have extensive experience communicating sophisticated topics to internal and external audiences with different backgrounds. You are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems, and are comfortable leading and owning a results-oriented long-term research agenda, while ensuring delivery of concrete short-term breakthroughs and impact. You have a PhD in a field related to (tech) law or policy, communication, information science, media studies, algorithmic responsibility, computational social science, HCI and/or Machine Learning, or equivalent experience. You have experience leading high-profile projects that aim to solve analytical problems using data from different sources, and mixed methods. Where you'll be We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them! Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the Americas region in which we have a work location Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about our Work From Anywhere options here. Working hours? We operate within the Eastern Standard time zone for collaboration Our global benefits Extensive learning opportunities, through our dedicated team, GreenHouse. Flexible share incentives letting you choose how you share in our success. Global parental leave, six months off - fully paid - for all new parents. All The Feels, our employee assistance program and self-care hub. Flexible public holidays, swap days off according to your values and beliefs. Spotify On Tour, join your colleagues on trips to industry festivals and events. Learn about life at Spotify Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 345 million users.
We are seeking a Data Analyst to join our client for a Contract-to-PERM hire engagement.  This position is responsible for leading the creation and execution of analytics projects and capabilities (including technology, services, and data) for Enterprise Analytics and/or other areas.  Primarily this includes coordinating with key stakeholders, applying strong data analytics (data modeling, cleansing, visualization, analysis and data science techniques) to rapidly deliver analytics value and use cases to early adopters or to market.  This position will have oversight and accountability for: Lead or complete data analysis processes required to deliver value with different sets of healthcare data Develops routines for key metrics or standard analysis content Develop automation of redundant data preparation, modeling and analysis steps Improve existing analytics processes Prototyping and modeling new data sources for team Visualizing analytics opportunities or developing visualization templates as necessary Develop prototype data science or other analytics models to demonstrate proof of concept value Researching new methods and/or technologies to effectively accomplish analytics projects Training and mentoring staff or members on analytics processes or tools as necessary  This position leads and/or completes analytics projects or analytics processes to achieve objectives; provides analytics skills and insights and competence; conducts specific rapid prototyping or other analytics projects and assignments, and builds and maintains relationships with staff and members to meet desired analytics projects objectives.  This position collaborates and works closely with other team members, member stakeholders and other internal stakeholders to meet deliverables as necessary. Makes day-to-day decision with limited direction, may mentor those less experienced in analytics realm on tools or techniques.  Does this sound like you? Apply today!  Employer Details: Onward Search is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in an employment with regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal, state and local laws and ordinances. Candidates must be at least 18 years old to be considered for employment. EOE/M/F/D/V/SO. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Onward Search offers medical, dental, vision benefits, as well as a 401k program, for all eligible full time temporary assignments. Onward Search is unable to support 1099 / Corp-to-Corp or Independent Contractor arrangements at this time. All freelancers will be paid as W2 employees. Onward Search is a drug-free workplace.
Qualifications Experience in data modeling, especially relational data modeling Strong experience in all phases of the SDLC Experience with eliciting and documenting technical requirements using Agile methodology Exposure to working in a version control environment, preferably Git Experience using basic statistics to describe data Experience in data mapping Experience with health data standards, especially FHIR, preferred Experience with human subjects research Experience in a client facing role Responsibilities Effectively communicate with all members of the delivery team including analysts, developers, designers, QA testers, and project leadership Effectively communicate with client stakeholders Produce documentation supporting development activities Develop and maintain expertise in key industry competency areas including HL7 FHIR, PCORnet and OMOP common data models, and related technologies Accurate task, deliverable and time tracking in enterprise systems Analyst Core Competencies Research study design & Human Subjects Research HIPAA & data use / data privacy regulations Data Management Data collection forms design Data transformation / normalization Data ingestion pathways / architecture Data modeling Interoperability regulations Clinical terminology use/Encoding Athena VSAC FHIR EHR integration Technical Writing Patient Tokenization Basic statistics - variable types, distributions, inference UI / UX design principles Data Visualization At IQVIA, we believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. The advanced analytics, technology solutions and contract research services we provide to the life sciences industry are made possible by our 70,000+ employees around the world who apply their insight, curiosity and intellectual courage every step of the way. Learn more at jobs.iqvia.com. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other status protected by applicable law. IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.
Vice President of Analytics New York, NY $200,000 - $220,000 - Dependent on experience Are you looking for a new and unique analytics challenge? We have a leader in the telecommunications space looking for a Vice President of Analytics. THE COMPANY As the Vice President of Analytics, you will be joining a new analytics team within a telecommunication organization looking to provide their customers with a wide range of services. This organization works across real estate and analytics to optimize business performance and sales. VICE PRESIDENT OF ANALYTICS - ROLE OVERVIEW As the Vice President of Analytics, you will be responsible for overseeing the entire analytics function for and strategy for real estate and sales. Your success in this role will come from your extensive experience in real estate and property management regarding analytics. With this analytics toolkit. You can provide actionable insights to the business and stakeholders in order to optimize the sales and strategy of the business. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE The successful Vice President of Analytics will have the following skills and experience: Experience working with building and property management across various real estate landscapes Experience working with advanced analytics tools such as SQL and Qlikview with the ability to set and create new analytics visions for new teams Experience building and managing large teams SALARY AND BENEFITS The successful Vice President of Analytics can expect a salary of $200,000 - $220,000 dependent on experience, in addition to a comprehensive benefits package. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your resume to Vallon Barnes via the Apply link on this page. KEYWORDS Tableau, SQL, R, Python, Statistics, Power BI, Google Data Studio, Modeling, Regression, Search, SEM, PPC, Location, Google analytics, Mobile, web analytics, Hitwise, Insight, Maxymiser, Sitecatalyst, Omniture, Conversion Optimisation, agency, client, digital analytics, web analyst, digital analyst, digital marketing analyst, eCommerce, senior web analyst, lead web analyst, reporting, analytics, Data Science.
SVP, Measurement & Analytics Advertising/Analytics $275,000 - 300,000 New York, NY THE ROLE- SVP, Measurement & Analytics In this capacity, you will be tasked with managing the Customer Analytics & Data Science teams for an organization that has proven itself a mainstay within TV Measurement/Attribution. You will ultimately establish the measurement roadmap and align strategic analytics goals with multiple teams throughout the company; this role has high visibility and will be integral in providing thought leadership to the broader organization but through an analytics lens. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Graduate degree in statistics or other specializations with a heavy quantitative emphasis. Hands-on experience with advanced statistical programming languages. Prior experience managing multi-faceted Analytics & Data Science teams required. Extensive knowledge of TV measurement, Unified Measurement, and Attribution. Deep understanding of the Data Analytics landscape, including industry trends. Ample experience communicating analytical methods, such as conjoint and discrete choice methodologies and predictive modeling. Ability to navigate a fast-paced, agile environment. BENEFITS - SVP, Measurement & Analytics As an SVP of Measurement and Analytics, you can expect to earn up to $300,000 (depending on experience) + highly competitive benefits HOW TO APPLY?: Please register your interest by sending your Resume to Greffen George via the Apply link on this page KEYWORDS: Marketing Analysis, Marketing Sciences, Advertising, Strategy, Insight, Analytics, Attribution, Marketing Science, Market Research, SQL, Python, R, Regression, TV Measurement, Ad Measurement
Toyota Connected's Mobility team is responsible for building and managing our connected vehicle platforms, supporting product research using vehicle sensor data and creating new and exciting data services for Toyota customers that makes driving safer, more convenient, and fun. We're looking for an Entry Level Data Scientist interested in using data science and statistical techniques to create state-of-the-art solutions for non-trivial, and arguably, unsolved problems. If you are results driven, interested in how to apply advanced Data Science techniques, would love to work with vehicle telemetry data and video, are highly innovative and long for the opportunity to build solutions for challenging problems that directly impact the company's bottom-line, we want to talk to you.  What will you be doing?  You will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced Agile Scrum environment to assist in prototyping, designing, and implementing predictive models and algorithms to create real world solutions Execute full modeling life cycle including data cleansing, feature creation and iterative model selection Perform data analysis and derive meaningful insights from a variety of data sources Write maintainable, extensible, tested code, while complying with coding standards Produce specifications and determine operation feasibility Troubleshoot, debug, and upgrade existing systems  Qualifications:  You want to make things work. Coming up with creative solutions comes naturally to you and you're comfortable being set loose without a lot of direction You show a sense of ownership and pride in what you do, and you can make us believe you'll excel You can easily point to multiple activities and projects that demonstrate how you go above and beyond You're able to show empathy and work in a team environment You have the ability to work well in a team oriented, Agile software engineering environment You have the ability to write clean, concise, tested, maintainable code in Python You have experience in Data Science via internships, work or education You have a Bachelor or Master's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Machine Learning, or related discipline; or have equivalent experience  What's in it for you?  In addition to an excellent compensation and benefits package, you'll also receive:  A Career Path that allows you to take your career to the next level. Annual $2,000 Training Budget to help you grow and develop your professional skills. Unlimited time off and flexibility for a great worklife balance. At TC you'll be treated like the professional we know you are and left to manage your own time and work load. Hybrid work schedule to allow for a blend of in office and remote work coming in January 2022! Home office stipend of $1,000 to help furnish an ergonomic remote office. Four months of paid parental leave. We want new moms and dads to have an opportunity to bond with their new little bundles of joy. Adoption Assistance of $5,000 for regular adoptions or $6,000 for special needs. We know adoption costs can add up, and we want to help. 401(k) with generous company match that is fully vested day one. Toyota and Lexus vehicle discounts to allow you to drive in style. Generous vehicle allowance for new and leased Toyota and Lexus vehicles coming in September 2021. Scratch that vehicle payment off your monthly bills! Annual Patent-a-thons and Hackathons to embrace your superior creative thinking ability. Annual fitness reimbursement to help you balance your overall health without breaking the bank. We also have a Toyota Connected fit club that loves plank competitions! Free catered lunches when working onsite. We try to keep it healthy, but Fridays are "cheat" days, so you can get your carbs on! Two fully stocked Nespresso bars for your coffee and tea fixes. Stocked kitchens with healthy snacks including fresh fruit, almonds, mixed nuts, pretzels, trail mix, and flavored waters. Nobody is hangry here! Fun game room for the gamer that lives inside you! Xbox, virtual reality, and Nintendo Switch gamers live here and are always ready for their next opponent. No dress code! Come as you are. We know the smart people we hire don't need to be told what to wear. Free covered garage parking to shield your vehicle from those sneaky storms and to protect your buns from the Texas sun.  Who Are We?  Toyota Connected is a new company created to infuse the power of big data and cloud intelligence into all aspects of the mobility experience so that driving a Toyota or Lexus is more personal, intuitive and safe. We create and enable technologies that delight, simplify and connect the lives of those who use our products. We believe this mobility revolution will empower our customers to use their vehicles in an array of exciting new ways. We support, celebrate and thrive on the opportunity to provide Mobility for All.  Making a connected life a more human experience takes humans from all walks of life. Toyota Connected celebrates and is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that embraces you regardless of your race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, skin color, age, disability, military or veteran status, big shot relative, or Instagram fame. Different makes us awesome.
The Talent Analytics Analyst is responsible for transforming data into business solutions to help guide talent decisions in the organization. This incumbent will apply expert data analytics skills to "tell the story" of our investments in organizational talent. Design, build, and maintain key analyses on the entire employee life-cycle with a focus on actionable talent information to support our internal business partners. Lead the collection, aggregation, analysis, and distribution of employee engagement data for the organization. Work cross-functionally to design, communicate, and report back on surveys throughout the teammate life-cycle. Design, build, and maintain analyses and reports on our workforce and talent by leveraging internal and external tools focused on key performance metrics. Drive the optimization of our investment in talent for the organization. Evaluate opportunities regarding compensation, training, recruiting, benefits, retention and HR programs. Deliver recommendations on our talent and investment mix providing the expected outcomes of any alterations. Assist in the implementation of enhanced software, analytics, and processes to provide a clear picture of talent in the organization. Leverage these tools to create dynamic dashboards and functionality for business partners. Collaborate with data owners and subject matter experts to properly capture, aggregate, and convey organizational data. Build strong partnerships with HRIS and assist with data governance and stewardship. Lead and support formal / informal training for HR partners to help drive adoption of data-based decision-making and grow the overall analytical capabilities of the Human Resources function  Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Business, Economics, Analytics, Statistics, or Applied Math 1-3 years of experience in Data Analysis and Visualization Strong Microsoft Excel skills Experience with Data visualization tools (i.e. Qlik, Tableau, MicroStrategy) Experience with Data Preparation Tools a Plus (i.e. Alteryx, MS Access, SQL Databases) Experience with Data Science Languages a plus (i.e. R, Python, etc.) Ability to tell a story through data Ability to maintain complete confidentiality and discretion Creative Problem Solving skills Strong Analytical Execution Skills Ability to work remote
Position Details Recruitment/Posting Title Tenure-Track/Tenured Faculty Position in Data Science and Organizations/Organizing  Department SC&I - Communication  Salary Commensurate With Experience  Posting Summary The Department of Communication at Rutgers University’s School of Communication and Information seeks a full-time faculty member (likely assistant or associate level) in the area of Data Science with an emphasis on Organizations and/or Organizing. The appointment will begin Fall 2022.  We seek a social scientist studying organizations and organizing who incorporates data science methods into their research. The ideal candidate will conduct theory-driven, empirical, communication-centered research that examines dynamic processes of organizing. We are looking for innovative and engaged communication scholars whose research foci recognize emerging issues, including but not limited to: Organizations, work, and equityThe science of work groups and teamsArtificial intelligence and the future of workMedia and technologyOrganizations and technologyGlobalization and civil societyOrganizing and collective actionOrganizational networks  The ideal candidate will have expertise in core methods related to data science including, but not limited to, any of the following: Machine learningNatural language processingNetwork science  Our faculty employs a wide range of empirical approaches in their research. We encourage candidates whose scholarship intersects with, and extends, one or more of the department’s research foci (organizational communication, health communication, communication and technology, interpersonal communication, and language and social interaction) and/or other areas within the school such as media studies and information science. For more about the Department of Communication and the School of Communication and Information (SC&I), see comminfo.rutgers.edu.  We look forward to welcoming a new colleague who will contribute to our thriving undergraduate and master’s level programs and our highly-regarded interdisciplinary school-wide Ph.D. program.  Posting Number 21FA0749  Posting Open Date 06/25/2021  Posting Close Date 09/27/2021  Minimum Education and Experience A Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree in a relevant field is expected as of June 2022 for a September start date.  Certifications/Licenses  Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Applicants should have a demonstrated record or strong likelihood of top-tier peer-reviewed publication and evidence of or preparation for effective teaching. Applicants at the rank of Associate Professor should provide evidence of leadership in research, instruction, and service; a record of external funding is a plus. Responsibilities of tenure-track and tenured faculty members include undergraduate and graduate teaching assignments, an active program of research in the candidate’s area of scholarly expertise, and service contributions in accordance with the university policy for tenure‐track and tenured appointments.  Equipment Utilized  Physical Demands and Work Environment  Overview Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, is a leading national research university and the state of New Jersey’s preeminent, comprehensive public institution of higher education. Established in 1766, the university is the eighth oldest higher education institution in the United States. More than 70,000 students and 23,400 faculty and staff learn, work, and serve the public at Rutgers locations across New Jersey and around the world. An equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, Rutgers is committed to building a diverse community and encourages women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities to apply. We are currently in an exciting period of transformation and growth as we form a hub for data science across departments at Rutgers University.  The School of Communication and Information (SC&I) is a dynamic center of learning at the heart of the Rutgers-New Brunswick campus. Founded in 1982, SC&I research and teaching is delivered by three academic departments: Communication, Journalism and Media Studies, and Library and Information Science. Through ?ve undergraduate majors and minors, three masters degrees, and an interdisciplinary Ph.D. program, the school teaches over 10,000 students each year, of whom 2,500 are its own undergraduate, masters, and doctoral students. Geographically adjacent and closely connected to the world’s largest media and information hubs and supported by Rutgers’ vibrant scholarly community, SC&I embraces the university goals of promoting diversity throughout our networks and programs, and is committed to social engagement. For more about the school see: http://comminfo.rutgers.edu  Statement  Special Instructions to Applicants Review of applications will begin on September 27, 2021, and will continue until the position is filled. Candidates are required to submit a letter of application, CV, two sample publications and the names of 3 references. Inquiries can be made to the search committee chair: Professor Matthew Weber (matthew.weber@rutgers.edu), Department of Communication, Rutgers University, 4 Huntington St., New Brunswick, NJ.  Quick Link to Posting https://jobs.rutgers.edu/postings/135469  Campus Rutgers University-New Brunswick  Home Location Campus College Ave (RU-New Brunswick)  Location Details  Posting Specific Questions Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*).  Applicant Documents Required Documents Cover Letter/Letter of Application Curriculum Vitae List of Professional References (contact Info) Writing Sample 1 Writing Sample 2 Optional Documents
About: Macy’s is proudly America’s Department Store. For more than 160 years, Macy’s has served generations at every stage of their lives. Our customers come to us for fashion, value and celebration. Macy’s Marketing delivers a healthy, profitable customer franchise that is growing through engagement and acquisition. Our team leads strategic initiatives such as personalization and monetization, as well as our Star Rewards Loyalty program. Take the helm of one of the world’s most beloved brands and help bring it to life for our customers. As part of our team, you’ll own, guide, and direct marketing efforts, motivating our customers to strengthen their relationship with our brand. Constantly creating, innovating, and exploring the new, you’ll drive customer engagement and loyalty while sparking excitement.  Job Overview: As part of the Marketing – Data Science Group, the Lead Data Scientist will develop innovative analytical approaches to customer and targeting strategies. The Lead Data Scientist will create practical methods to understand customer health, forecast customer preferences, simulate business outcomes, and optimize major investments. The Data Scientist will work closely with cross functional groups to enhance analytical capabilities, identify new growth opportunities, and develop persuasive interactive visualizations.  Essential Functions: Answer complex business questions by using appropriate statistical techniques on available data or designing and running experiments to gather data. Adapt standard or develop novel applications of classification, forecasting, simulation, optimization, and summarization techniques. Work closely with cross functional teams to encourage best practices for experimental design and data analysis. Create compelling interactive visualizations and presentations to enhance decision making capabilities throughout the company. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications and Competencies: At least one year of industry experience with Master’s or Ph.D. required in relevant technical field such as Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Economics. Experience working with large data sets. Expert knowledge of analytical tools such as SAS, R, Matlab, or STATA and scripting languages such as Python, Perl, or PHP. Ability to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner. Strong passion for answering complex business questions using structured problem solving and rigorous data analysis. Curiosity and desire to learn about business needs and strategies from close collaboration with business partners such as the CRM, Marketing Effectiveness, and Customer Analytics teams. Familiarity with visualization tools such as Tableau, Looker or Spotfire. Familiarity with relational databases and SQL. This job description is not all-inclusive, and Macy’s Inc. reserves the right to amend this job description at any time. Macy’s Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Candidates for positions in San Francisco ONLY can review their rights and the Company’s obligations under SFPC Art. 49 here. Candidates for positions in Los Angeles ONLY can review their rights and the Company’s obligations under LA MC Ch. XVIII Art. 9 here. Candidates for positions in Philadelphia ONLY can review their rights and the Company’s obligations under PC Ch. 9-3500 here. MARKETING00
We are hiring for our client requirement.Data Engineer: No Corp to Corp positions.Only W2 Positions and Marketing- Will train you on Data Science / Bigdata Technology based on the requirement- Will give you mock interviews and resume preparation.- Will get the project within a month-Will provide you free accommodation in Princeton, NJ- H1B sponsorship- On job support- Relocation Assistance any where in USAJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: $70,000.00 - $75,000.00 per yearBenefits:Health insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Master's (Preferred)
Genmab is focused on the creation and development of innovative and differentiated antibody products, with the aim of improving the lives of cancer patients. The Role  As a Director, you will lead Data Sciences activities among a multidisciplinary international team of world-class scientists to transform how therapeutics are discovered and developed in the oncology space with a primary goal of serving cancer patients that continue to suffer from unmet medical needs.  Responsibilities You will be the Data Science lead on multiple clinical development programs to help identify appropriate biomarkers, mechanisms of action, and new indications using cutting-edge data science tools. You will derive novel approaches from the integration and analysis of clinical response, tumor transcriptomic/genetic data as well as imaging and circulating biomarkers to help advance the development of Genmab drug candidates. You will be a Data Science expert, working seamlessly with other leaders from Translational Research and Clinical Development to translate questions into data requirements, computational workflows, and intuitive summaries/visualizations. You will lead authorship of scientific results in patents, conference abstracts, publications, regulatory documents and product-development reports. You will lead on multiple external collaborations with high profile cancer institutes.   Requirements You hold a PhD degree in computational sciences with a strong background in immunology or biology, or vice versa. You are an expert of data science approaches including machine and deep learning; application in imaging domain (H&Es, IHC, radiomics) a plus. You have led both internal and external collaborations in the translational medicine domain from concept to successful completion. You are proficient in programming in at least one language (R, Java, Python, etc), developing relational databases, and cloud services for storage and computing (AWS). You are an expert in integrating and analyzing high density data types in a clinical setting (genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, flow cytometry, TCR sequencing, immune assays) for translational medicine applications. You have built multiple web-based analysis applications (e.g. R-Shiny). You have worked with regulated environments such as GxP/GCP/GMP with tools and databases. Multiple first authorship publications in high quality journals, references, and external presentations in the oncology field. You have a ‘getting things done’ mentality, you are creative, pro-active, enthusiastic, out-of-the-box thinking and goal orientated. Demonstrated ability to collaborate with a diverse and global group of scientists, research associates Genmab employees work with determination and with respect for each other, consistent with our core values, to achieve our common goals. We give individuals and teams the autonomy to drive development of innovative products and solutions, knowing that integrity is a core value throughout our company. Genmab will offer the successful application a challenging position, where the right candidate will have the opportunity to work with highly specialised people across functions in an informal, multicultural culture, all aiming to make a difference for cancer patients.   Teamwork and respect are central pillars of Genmab’s culture and we therefore ensure an inclusive, open, and supportive professional work environment across our international locations. We believe that fostering workplace diversity across social, educational, cultural, national, age and gender lines is a prerequisite for the continued success of the company. We are committed to diversity at all levels of the company and strive to recruit employees with the right skills and competences, regardless of gender, age, ethnicity, etc. Please note that if you are applying for a position in the Netherlands; Genmab’s policy for all permanently budgeted hires in this location is to offer a temporary agreement for one year, followed by a contract for indefinite time regardless of seniority. Genmab A/S is committed to protecting your personal data and privacy. Please see our privacy policy for handling your data in connection with you application on our website https://www.genmab.com/privacy .
Perform data quality analysis. Develop data modeling and data driven solutions based on business requirements. Develop analytical procedures, systems and workflows. Develop data aggregation from different sources, cleansing, and transformation. Define data quality gaps and make recommendations. Use complex Machine Learning, data Mining, mathematical and statistical techniques
New York City Data Science Tutor Jobs  It’s back-to-school time and the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science tutors nationally and in New York City. As a tutor who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money, choose your own hours, and truly make a difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid 2x per week. Choose to tutor as much or as little as you want. Set your own hours and schedule. Get paired with students best-suited to your teaching style and preferences (from thousands of potential clients). Tutor online (i.e. “work remotely”) using our purpose-built Live Learning Platform. Students can take adaptive assessments through the platform and share results to help you decide where to focus. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a tutor:  You have excellent communication skills and a friendly, approachable personality. You can show subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have the ability to personalize lessons for each student.  >Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors and 1-on-1 Online Tutoring  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. With 1-on-1 Online Tutoring, individual students are connected with tutors for a highly personalized learning experience. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right tutors can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.  Please note: Varsity Tutors does not contract in: Alaska, California, Delaware, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia or Puerto Rico.
About Verkada At Verkada, we’re rethinking what it means to be physically safe. Today, we build security cameras that detect action, identify danger and help keep people and places safe and secure. Using a combination of software and hardware, we’re transforming an industry that has seen little innovation for decades—and we already support thousands of customers. But this is just the beginning. We envision a world in which security systems feel as seamless and modern as the organizations they protect and our enterprise solution becomes a model for not just business security, but public security as well.  Data Science and Analytics This is a unique opportunities ty to join as one of the founding members of the Data Science and Analytics function within the Sales Strategy and Operations team, playing an integral role in driving the strategy, insight and operations that enable our sales department to run better, faster, and smarter. Responsibilities Lead data analytics projects: translate complex business questions into concrete data analysis problems, improve on existing or build new models, deliver solutions, monitor outcomes and iterate on them Build scalable infrastructure: build reliable, efficient and scalable infrastructure using state-of-the-art technology Improve data quality: constantly iterate on ways to improve the quality of our data, including building tools to monitor, validate and scrub our existing data as well as evaluating the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources Requirements Bachelor’s or master’s degree in a technical discipline Strong analytical skills - you are able to structure concrete and sensible analyses to answer key business questions and drive decision-making Knowledge of statistical and machine learning concepts and techniques System and operational thinking - you thrive to build databases, tools and processes that are scalable and well documented for both technical and non-technical users Experience with Python, SQL, and ability to quickly pick up new things; experience with AWS, Google Cloud, Looker, Salesforce Apex would be a plus Demonstrated ability to influence stakeholders across the organization to drive successful outcomes About our team Behind the scenes, we’re a team of computer scientists, hardware engineers and experienced founders who saw a chance to make a real impact. We’re united by the challenge of building beautiful products, designed for real people—and by our commitment to using technology responsibly. We believe keeping data private and secure is core to our safety as individuals, businesses and communities and we put great care into building systems that embody our values as people. Likewise, many of Silicon Valley’s top investors believe in us: we’re backed by Sequoia Capital, FirstRound, Meritech and Siemens (Next47). Verkada is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status, and encourage all qualified applicants to apply.
Overjet is a fast-growing VC-backed startup building the future of Artificial Intelligence-powered dentistry. We are solving the most challenging and promising problems in dentistry to improve care for millions of patients.  We are looking for a Data Engineer with strong back-end skills, who also works with data flows and data modeling, making sure data is flowing across the board and building out models.   Responsibilities  Responsible for building and running end-to-end data pipelines and operations from ingestion and integration through delivery for the data products. Guide the development of data resources, support new product launches and improve product runtime performance. Setting up data and cloud environments to make data science more efficient Build tools to automate data import pipeline for different data systems Build dashboards to empower business insights and actions   Qualifications  Exceptional skills in Java, Scala, Go, Python or equivalent. Experience with SQL (ex. PostgreSQL) and NoSQL (ex. MongoDB) ETL and ELT pipelines Data processing and job orchestration Quickly learning new tools Experience with AWS or GCP Experience with Docker and Kubernetes is a plus
Data Scientist duties will typically be focused on the customer’s business analytics, metrics collection, and analysis efforts to assist the customer’s management team in process improvement .
Role: Machine Learning Engineer Location: New York, NY Long term contract Skill Should have: Python, ML, NLPSkill nice to have: Cloud (particularly AWS) experienceContract length: 24 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $125,325.00 - $227,222.00 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
What does a great Software Development Engineering Professional do? Develop solutions to support functions & meet project objectives, client requirements, and company goals. Communicate with clients, business & IT on design strategies and collaboration throughout life cycle. Basic responsibilities: Adherence to standards & consults with leadership on solutions. Possesses strong knowledge of application, tools, methodologies & functional areas. Proficiency in Data Science/Reporting/ Analytical related languages and tools such as: Cognos, .Net, Talend, BI tools (micro strategy, Tableau, Spotifire), JQuery, SQL, PYTHON, VBScript, SPLUNK as well as survey current languages and tools in the market for potential opportunities within data reporting and analytics suite. Manage production & maintenance and conduct long-term improvements. Supports business apps and responsible for leading disaster recovery. Supports security initiatives set by Fiserv as well as knowledgeable of current events dealing with security to proactively assess and correct if applicable. Works on highly complex projects & issues. Good understanding of how technology relates to business, market & industry and applies knowledge to support the needs of Fiserv. Payment industry experience required in Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, Voyager, Wright Express & other private label brands. Interpret payment industry requirements into business technical requirements, understanding relationships and impacts. Experience in Application Development supporting C++ Basic Qualifications for Consideration: Consults with project teams and functional units on the design of important projects or services. Supports existing business systems applications. Performs additional job duties as required. Works on moderate to complex projects and issues within functional area. Coaches and leads less experienced IT staff and business managers. Required skills, experience and education: 6+ yrs. of related IT experience. Bachelor’s Degree at College of Engineering and Technology or equivalent work experience. Expert in multiple languages and tools. Should have C++. Some knowledge in emerging technologies. Prefer experience in PYTHON or R. Possesses strong knowledge of application development technologies, tools and methodologies. Strong understanding of complex internal business processes or functions. Competencies – Data Science and Analytics/Reoporting. Learn more about Fiserv: To support the total well-being of our associates, Fiserv takes a broad approach to our benefits. We offer a comprehensive benefits package that provides flexibility and affordability with a variety of medical, dental, vision, life insurance and disability options. We are #FISVProud of our benefits and well-being programs. Our commitment to wellness, wellness education, preventive services and fitness activities are designed to meet you where you are. Life moves fast. And as it does, we know most people aren’t thinking about “financial services”. But we are. We help people and businesses move money and information every minute of every day. Our solutions connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants and consumers to one another, millions of times a day, behind the scenes, reliably and securely. We’re Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments enabling innovative financial services experiences that are in step with the way people live and work today. The company’s approximately 44,000 associates proudly serve clients in more than 100 countries, so their customers, members and consumers can move money when and where they need it, at the point of thought. Our Aspiration is to move money and information in a way that moves the world. As a FORTUNE™ 500 company and one of FORTUNE Magazine World’s Most Admired Companies for the seventh consecutive year, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation. We welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran Explore the possibilities of a career with Fiserv and Find Your Forward with us.
At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.  Summary: The incumbent will provide statistical analyses and training to support Global Product Development & Supply (GPS) and late stage development to deliver process and method robustness in ensuring product quality and compliance Areas of support include development, process improvement, tech transfer, validation, PAIs, clinical supplies, manufacturing, transportation, health authority filings, and regulatory responses. Support in relation to study design and data analysis will be provided to BMS functions worldwide, including small molecule and biologics development, manufacturing, and supply.  Major Duties and Responsibilities: 1. Builds and fosters relationships with customers, stakeholders, and support groups globally to understand their statistical needs and determines sound statistical techniques for use. 2. Collaborates with process analytical teams and subject matter experts in Manufacturing and Manufacturing Sciences & Technology to design studies and analyze complex datasets for process robustness and improvement. 3. Supports analytical teams in QC and Analytical Sciences & Technology for method performance monitoring and reference standard qualification 4. Develops and selects appropriate statistical methods for the design and analysis of studies and programs in order to assure batch compliance and prevent rejections, reworks, complaints, and product recalls on a worldwide basis. For example, determining specifications, process capability, sampling plans and expiry/retest periods. 5. Conducts thorough and careful analysis of data, gathers critical information, and provides appropriate recommendations and solutions based on corresponding statistical analyses and business needs. 6. Demonstrates strong statistical skills while thinking in a clear, decisive manner. Reaches independent, logical solutions. 7. Represents Global Statistics at product development, product protocol, and management meetings. 8. Contributes to the globalization, improvement and standardization of processes, procedures and systems in relation to Statistics while maintaining flexibility where required. 9. Furthers the statistical awareness and statistical process control competency of other BMS personnel; participates in their training and development, as required. 10. Acts as departmental interface with Information Technology on system related projects. Performs programming (e.g., SAS) as needed. 11. Creates, communicates, and supports the highest commitment to quality and compliance. 12. Supports the BMS BioPharma Behaviors.  Education: 1. M. S. with a minimum of at least 3 years experience or Ph. D. in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or Engineering majors with significant academic training in Statistics. 2. Proficiency in major statistical software packages (e.g., SAS, R, MINITAB, and JMP).  Experience / Knowledge Desired: 1. Ability to work with a wide range of technically and culturally diverse individuals. 2. Ability to analyze and interpret scenarios, and through effective study design and statistical analysis provide answers and appropriate courses of action. 3. Knowledge of FDA/EMEA cGMPs and knowledge of other global regulatory compliance guidelines (e.g. ICH) for drug manufacturing, packaging and distribution. 4. Highly organized. 5. Able to work independently or as a team member to meet goals, objectives and commitments. 6. Demonstrates ability to effectively communicate technical information in an understandable, rational, and concise manner. 7. Ability to integrate statistical and quality control concepts. 8. Some background in the sciences to facilitate a subjective understanding of the problems at hand.  Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.  Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.  Our company is committed to ensuring that people with disabilities can excel through a transparent recruitment process, reasonable workplace adjustments and ongoing support in their roles. Applicants can request an approval of accommodation prior to accepting a job offer. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application, or any part of the recruitment process direct your inquiries to adastaffingsupport@bms.com. Visit careers.bms.com/eeo-accessibility to access our complete Equal Employment Opportunity statement.
Nautoâ“‡ is the only real-time AI-powered Driver Behavior Learning Platform able to predict, actively prevent, and rce high-risk events in the mobility ecosystem. By analyzing billions of data points from over 400 million AI-analyzed video miles, Nauto's machine learning algorithms continuously improve and help to impact driver behavior before events happen, not after. Nauto has enabled the largest commercial fleets in the world to avoid more than 25,000 collisions, resulting in nearly $100 million in savings.  Nauto is located in North America, Japan, and Europe. Nauto is backed by SoftBank Vision FundGroup Corp., Greylock Partners, BMW iVentures, General Motors Ventures, Toyota AI Ventures, Allianz Group, Playground Global and DNX Ventures.  Responsibilities  Build risk models and analyses based on real-life data from large vehicle fleets and insurance companies Work on ROI calculation and understanding the impact of different risk factors on collisions Work with and create large datasets to discover insights helpful in developing new approaches and algorithms to advance the state of the art in transportation safety Work closely with Data Infrastructure engineers to build scalable and automated datasets, analyses and models  Experiences and Skills  Practical experience with data science and machine learning methods, common cloud-based data analysis tools and frameworks Spark, SQL, Pandas, AWS, PySpark, etc). Passion for communication based on data, across business and engineering teams, including leadership and customers. Excellent SQL skills. Solid mathematical and statistical background. Solid skills programming in Python. Passionate about transportation safety. Hands-on and versatile data scientist with practical experience building predictive models using diverse data sources at scale. Collaborative mindset when working with engineering teams to implement data models and data gathering infrastructure in production. Independent thinker capable of uncovering insights in data to inform our roadmap. Entrepreneurial personality is a plus. M.Sc or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Math, Physics or similarly quantitative-heavy background.  We have all the perks of a Valley startup, including:  Experienced leadership with a great track record of growing startups Learning and development opportunities from a highly diverse and talented peer group including experts in a wide range of fields such as Artificial Intelligence & Computer Vision, Systems & Device Engineering, and Support & Operations Comfortable co-working environment and communal problem solving We love Hackathons! Free lunch, dinner, snacks, drinks, daily Fun activities like weekly happy hour, daily group workouts and occasional nerf battles. We even have a puzzle club! We are a dog-friendly environment We are in the heart of Palo Alto, walking distance from the Caltrain station.  We also have all the best benefits, including:  Stock options Coverage for (health, dental, vision) including qualified dependents Healthcare spending accounts (FSA, HSA) 401K Commuter assistance Up to 20 weeks of parental leave Flexible PTO  Nauto is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment that fosters learning from each other. We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a work environment free of harassment and discrimination.  To all recruitment agencies: Nauto does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Nauto employees or any other company location. Nauto is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
What will I be doing? As a Resort Operations Financial Analyst, you will be responsible for supporting planning and reporting processes for Resort Operations including Club, Resort Management, Rental, Retail, and Resales. Provides Ad Hoc analysis for Chief Customer Officer and senior leadership passionate about business and operational efficiencies. Performs data management and querying with data science methodology including descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analysis. Develops comprehensive business insight including knowledge of RO impacts to other HGV functions and vice versa, financial statement and terms, HGV common business language, timeshare knowledge and global business/economics perspectives. Assists Sr. Manager of Resort Ops Business Management with daily responsibilities, monthly close duties, annual budget as needed. Be flexible and able to multi-task based on directives from Sr. Director and Sr. Manager of RO Business Management. Be able to prioritize all assigned tasks and complete all tasks in the timely manner based on targeted timeline. Coordinates tasks and manage time proactively with weekly planning and progress reporting. Demonstrates integrity in work environment. Assists with building data infrastructure, data modeling, and automate data collections and routine data support with predefined repeatable processes.  We offer an excellent benefit package to our full-time Team Members that include medical, dental and vision insurance, 401K plan, Paid Time Off (PTO) program and extraordinary travel benefits! Qualifications  What are we looking for? Hilton Grand Vacations is a leader in the vacation ownership industry, operating with an unwavering dedication to innovation, quality, and continued growth. At the core of our company’s success are our Team Members. To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess the following minimum qualifications and experience: BA/BS/Bachelor’s Degree 1-3 years of financial and data analysis experience Proficient in Microsoft Excel Ability to multi-task and work under pressure Excellent written and oral communication skills  It would be helpful in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions: MS/MA/Master’s Degree 1-2 years of Tableau, SQL and VBA experience Statistical analysis and programming experience  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform crucial job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Description:  You will play a key role in the firm’s data science team, serve as a technical expert, provide state of the art analytic implementations and insights, and also mentor future team members.  We require at least a Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Computer Science or equivalent. Other proficiencies include the following:  Ability to efficiently construct data sets from large scale distributed environments (such as Hadoop) via Hive, Pig and MapReduce. Experience with R, Python, PySpark and data visualization software such as Tableau. Experience with machine and statistical learning areas such as classification, regression, clustering and text analysis is a plus. Experience using the aforementioned tools and technologies would be a plus. Intellectual curiosity, entrepreneurial drive, innovative structured thinking and problem solving skills. Comfortable in a small, intense high-growth environment. Submit Your Resume/CV by sending it to careers@quaerainsights.com.
The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve Marine Corps Data Analytics. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help Marine Corps Air Station leadership make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in Marine Corps Data Science and Operations Research. Empower change with us. You Have: Experience with commonly used statistical software applications, including VBA, JavaScript, Python, and R Knowledge of a wide range of qualitative or quantitative methods and analyses used to develop, adapt, modify, and apply models to resolve problems or define and clarify alternate solutions Ability to gather, assemble, and analyze facts, draw conclusions, and develop and use appropriate data collection techniques and data cleansing to produce valid and reliable findings Ability to conduct analysis, devise recommended solutions, and package the entire process in briefings, papers, or reports suitable for top management use and decision-making Ability to communicate orally and in writing effectively, resolve complex issues, indicate solutions, and develop a range of possible alternatives when there is no single solution Ability to lead research teams, originate new ideas, projects, and methodologies, and execute projects or studies in established financial or time constraints Secret Clearance BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: Experience with Marine Corps Installations and aviation MA or MS degree Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required. Build Your Career:  At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the chance to: access online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
Overview:  We are seeking a Data Scientist to join our Cloud, Cyber, and Data Analytics team at our Corporate Headquarters office in Alexandria, VA (note: Due to COVID-19, this position requires full time telework at project start). This is a senior position supporting cloud computing/DevSecOps for a predictive analytics research and development project in support of COVID-19 N dimensional data visualization that offers outstanding opportunities for learning and career advancement. Ideal candidates will have strong technical aptitude, hands on programming capability, curiosity, and desire to build cool innovative tools while working as a member of an Agile team. This position involves work in a Linux/AWS Cloud environment supporting analytics focused cloud data models and architectures. Responsibilities: Collaborate with Principal Investigator and team to develop and implement predictive data analytics models, algorithms, and applications using a variety of data sources, programming languages, and cloud-native technologies. Produce and document conceptual designs, methodologies, data models, algorithms, perform software development, integrations, testing, and validation of data analytics models, perform data acquisition, validation, cleansing, and analysis as needed. Integrate predictive models into the SynGlyphX 3-D data visualization platform. Collaborate to design, code, test, and validate models and analytics applications following Agile CMMI Level 3 practices. Support the team with all other duties as needed. Qualifications:  Required Skills: Master's degree or combination of coursework and work experience in related field. Excellent problem-solving skills with solid background in math, statistics with solid cloud skills, demonstrated proficiency with Linux command line and hands on experience with data analytics and ML tool infrastructures (e.g. Hadoop) with strong familiarity with modern data analytics principles, practices, methods, and tools or analytics. Experience in the design, documentation, and development of predictive analytics models and algorithmic approaches using a wide variety of methodologies such as Monte Carlo Simulation. Ability to work on an Agile Scrum team using CMMI Level 3 practices. Demonstrated programming skills in a variety of current languages - (e.g: R, Python, Julia, Java, JavaScript, SQL etc), demonstrated proficiency with Linux command line and hands on experience with data analytics and ML tool infrastructures (e.g. Hadoop). Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret level clearance. Preferred Skills: Active IC or DoD Security Clearance a plus. AWS Certification a plus. This position is contingent upon contract award
Peerless Technologies is seeking a Test and Evaluation Engineer to join our team at Naval Surface Warface Center Crane.The successful Data Scientist applies industry best practices to turn large quantities of data into actionable information supporting business processes. Uses industry-standard tools such as Excel (advanced), Power BI, Tableau, SQL, and/or Python to perform data mining; establish connections between related data; summarize data into charts, tables, and graphs; and analyze historical data to make predictions of future outcomes (predictive analytics). Assists in developing a roadmap for evolving the existing data architecture into highly automated, repeatable, and modern systems using Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Assesses complex data systems and programs in support of ad-hoc and standing management or customer requests. Creates programs, methodologies, and files for analyzing and presenting data. Examines data quality, applications, and functions. Produces output and sustains operation. Researches new data sources and analytical tools. Contributes to new product development and improvement in product delivery and presentation. Develops awareness of and familiarity with issues and events affecting the organization, department, and/or customer. Uses and supports database applications and analytical tools. Uses timely and appropriate participation of users/customers in data collection and query systems.Requirements:Ability to obtain a Secret DoD Clearance required.BS/BA in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Systems/Science, or Data Analytics.Must have exceptional verbal and written communication skills.For the full job description and to apply, please visit epeerless.com/careersJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without. Position Summary At Under Armour, we’re building the data products and services to power the future of our direct to consumer experience as well as other core aspects of our performance brand. Performing alongside data analytics, data science, and digital marketing teams and across channels such as MapMyFitness and UA.com, we’d like you to join our cross-cutting Data Platform team in building real solutions to centralize, enrich, and activate data across the enterprise. You will learn, grow, and play in an environment that focuses on results and delivery, all backed by one of the strongest consumer brands in history. We're looking to add a new Lead Data Engineer to our Data Platform team, which powers the storage, processing, integration and cataloging of our data. In this role, you will work across teams to build pipelines, services, and tools that enable both UA teammates and our integrated systems with the data, information, and knowledge to fulfill Under Armour’s mission to make all athletes better. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Design, build, integrate, and maintain services that are critical to Under Armour’s data foundation. Mentor fellow Data Engineers on the Data Platform team as well as cross-functional teammates from organizations such as data analytics, data science, and digital marketing Work across teams up and down the data technology and enablement stacks to understand how to improve or expand our data products and services Contribute to the mission of the Data Platform today and build the vision for its future Projects You Could Work on: Overhaul of our centralized data store for analytics and operations: evolving global data regulations require a revised approach for how we manage and respect the data of our consumers throughout the stack. Integrate and deploy tooling for consumer identity resolution and marketing activation across our various consumer endpoints: this is a greenfield opportunity to forge a new way of operating across teams as well as data sources and destinations Enable self-service tooling for analytics teams to publish data into our platform: grow our community of practice for data at UA by facilitating discoverability and sharing of data products across the enterprise Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities) Ready to take ownership and responsibility for your work Want to help other teammates grow through mentorship and coaching Enjoy working with emerging technologies Prefer to own and drive projects from start (requirements gathering) to finish (production deployment) Knowledge of design patterns and data engineering best practices Knowledge of security and privacy 'by design’ frameworks Knowledge of data science lifecycle or test/learn models Strong programming experience in SQL, Python Experience delivering at scale with Snowflake, Hive, Spark, Airflow Experience with Snowflake related services such as DBT, HVR, Snowpipe Experience with AWS data-related services such as EMR, Glue, S3, Lambda Familiarity with Salesforce services such as Marketing Cloud, Interaction Studio, etc. Education And / Or Experience Solid understanding of both computer science fundamentals and what it takes to build high-volume data products and services. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or similar field, or equivalent real-world experience Relocation No relocation provided Remote work will be considered At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Data Scientist (Digital Solutions) - ( 210001OI ) Description Grow with the best. Join a smart, creative, and inspired team that works behind the scenes to support operational excellence. Our functional services teams (FSTs) provide services to 22,000 employees in over 350 locations worldwide. Bringing together individuals with diverse backgrounds, talents, and expertise, our FSTs are vital to making our Company stronger. Your Opportunity Stantec Digital Solutions is a unique consulting team. We pride ourselves on being customer obsessed and highly focused on Digital Engineering transformation. If you have experience with Artificial Intelligence (AI), including building Machine Learning (ML) models, combined with a traditional Architecture, Engineering, and Construction (AEC) background, we’d like you to join our team. You will get to work with a global innovation team and have a lot of fun helping our customers. The successful candidate will enjoy diving deep into data, doing analysis, discovering root causes, and designing long-term solutions. We apply predictive technology to large volumes of data to solve a wide spectrum of problems. Stantec Digital Solutions works together with internal & external customers to address their business needs using AI solutions. The Digital Solutions Data Scientist team member will help derive business value through the adoption of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. The position calls for using massive amounts of disparate data to develop ML models that represent physical and natural systems. This is the position for you if you’re eager to apply ML to a diverse array of enterprise Architectural, Environmental, Engineering, and Physical Sciences use cases. Your Key Responsibilities Assist customers by being able to deliver a ML project from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, aggregating data, exploring data, building & validating predictive models, aiding in ML Ops, and deploying completed models with concept-drift monitoring and retraining to deliver business impact to the organization Rapidly exploring new datasets to visually communicate data insights that form the basis for deriving ML based models Use Azure Services (e.g., Synapse, Databricks), ML platforms, and frameworks (e.g., MXNet, TensorFlow, PyTorch, SparkML, scikit-learn) to help our customers build ML models Research and implement novel ML approaches, including hardware optimizations on platforms, as well as explaining and justifying the selected approaches Work with other Digital Solutions Intrapreneurs (Applications Development, IoT, Digital Twin, AEC Engineering) to analyze, extract, normalize, and label relevant data, and with our Professional Services engineers to operationalize customers models after they are prototyped Refine Stantec’s Data Development Operations (SD2O) process including business requirements, user stories & design specifications & data orchestration for the Data Science & development teams to deliver upon & record the system Qualifications Your Capabilities and Credentials Experience with ML fields, e.g., natural language processing, computer vision, statistical learning theory 0-5 years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science, and analysis Experience in an ML engineer or data scientist role building ML models Experience writing code in Python, R, Scala with documentation for reproducibility Java, C , Rust, and Docker experience is a plus Experience with scripting in (Python, R, etc.) in rapidly exploring new terabyte size datasets and diving into data to discover hidden patterns, as well as experience in communicating insights using data visualization tools and Jupyter notebooks Experience with code version control using Git Preferred Qualifications include: Experience writing and speaking about technical concepts to business, technical, and lay audiences and giving data-driven presentations Experience in writing SQL, and working with GPUs to develop models Ability to develop strategic, baselined, data modeling processes; ability to accurately determine cause-and-effect relationships Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment Education and Experience Background and/or post-secondary education in math, physics or engineering (e.g., civil, environmental, water resources, mechanical engineering, etc.) with a focus on quantitative problem-solving through computational tools. Prefer additional education or equivalent professional or military experience in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) Typical office environment working with computers and remaining sedentary for long periods of time. This description is not a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that may be required of the employee and other duties, responsibilities and activities may be assigned or may be changed at any time with or without notice. Stantec is a place where the best and brightest come to build on each other’s talents, do exciting work, and make an impact on the world around us. Join us and redefine your personal best. Primary Location : United States-Tennessee-Nashville Other Locations : United States-Massachusetts-Boston, United States-New York-New York Job : Applications Development Organization : BC-2259 Innovation-Digital Solutions-US Employee Status : Regular Job Level : Entry Level Travel : No Schedule : Full-time Job Posting : Jul 13, 2021, 9:08:01 AM Req ID: 210001OI Stantec provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for future and current employment and prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression. We prohibit discrimination in decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, referral, promotion, compensation, fringe benefits, job training, terminations or any other condition of employment. Stantec is in compliance with local, state and federal laws and regulations and ensures equitable opportunities in all aspects of employment. EEO including Disability/Protected Veterans
Machine learning is the future. We know it. They know it. Of course, "They" may refer to many different people, but we are only referring to you. If you have a strong interest in machine learning and know the difference between a naive Bayes Classifier and a Neural Network, then we want to meet you! We are open to driven individuals worldwide full or part time, to help us build our rapidly growing machine learning departiment.  If you have an interest in building your resume by helping enterprises solve their problems in new ways based on machine learning, then Polyrific is a great place for you to put your career in motion. What we need from you Knowledge of a widely used programming language such as C#, JavaScript, Python, or Java. Ability to demonstrate at least an intermediate knowledge of which machine learning algotritms to use for a given problem. At least basic familiarity with commercial AI and ML APIs such as Tensorflow, Microsoft Bot Framework, Microsoft ML & Cognitive APIs (Project Oxford), Google ML APIs, and Amazon Machine Learning. Background in mathematics and/or statistics a plus. What you get from us Health Insurance (for full time employees) Cell Phone & Laptop (for full time employees) Generous salary The chance to be involved early in a tech company that matters
About FieldLevel  FieldLevel is the athletic recruiting network. Helping athletes find the right teams and coaches the best talent for their rosters. FieldLevel goes beyond helping organize and streamline the recruitment process. Our network introduces a new level of trust into recruiting by allowing coaches to advocate for their athletes directly. The result? Talent finds the right team.  Each year over 18,000 high school athletes commit to college programs through FieldLevel. We play a critical role in the lives of our coaches and athletes, supporting them on their journey to play at the next level. At the end of the day, we succeed when our members succeed.  At FieldLevel a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace is one where all employees, whatever their gender, race, ethnicity, national origin, age, sexual orientation or identity, education or disability, feels valued and respected. We are committed to a nondiscriminatory approach and provide equal opportunity for employment and advancement for all employees. We respect and value diverse life experiences and heritages and ensure that all voices are valued and heard.  What Work-life Balance Means to FieldLevel: Flexible work schedule Work from home when needed (This position will begin remotely) Generous vacation policy 10 Paid holidays and the days between Christmas and new years 1 week of sick leave each year Multiple team-building off-sites per year Attend conferences & trainings of your choosing Compensation & Benefits: Highly competitive salary Fully paid medical (HMO, PPO, Kaiser options) and Dental for you, your partner, and your children Life Insurance and Disability coverage 401K Matching Stock options The Job  FieldLevel is seeking a strong analytical mind excited to use the the tools of statistics and data science to help make software people love to use.  As an entry level data scientist you'll get hands on experience using data to build better software. You'll work side-by-side with domain experts, UX designers, and application developers.  The job of the entry level data scientist requires a breadth of knowledge. You should know fundamental methods of statistical analysis. You should have exposure to modern applications of statistics like machine learning, behavioral analytics, and experimental design. You should know SQL, R or Python, and the most common libraries. And because you'll be building software for humans, you should be excited to learn the best ways to gather data both actively and passively as people use our product.  Few entry level candidates are experts in all of these areas, but you should be well versed in some, with a working knowledge of the others and an appetite to gain expertise in several areas.  What you'll do: Answer tough questions that come up by analyzing our data and provide insights gained from analyzing data. Design and deploy new datasets to our data catalog to help teams accomplish objectives Manage analytical escalation: help team members learn how to answer simple questions themselves, provide your own analysis to answer more difficult queries, and collaborate on the hardest questions with the rest of the data science team. Assess and advise on data collection opportunities of new product feature work. Assess and advise on ML opportunities of new product feature work. Monitor and analyze outcomes of experiments the team runs and product features the team deploys. Assist data engineers with pipeline construction Qualifications: Are humble in the workplace, but you can defend ideas that you believe in. Strong mathematical problem-solving skills Some experience with experimental design and data schemas Sense of when a question can be answered with data and how to do it. Some experience with ML methods Good at explaining general and in particular with plots and numbers. Can speak clearly and simply when discussing analytical topics (doesn't intimidate people with complexity) Proficient with data science programming languages like Python, R, SQL, Regex, Scala. Proficient with data science software platforms like Jupyter, Tableau, Power BI, Spark. Interested in quickly cycling through computational knowledge building: explore â†’ hypothesize â†’ test â†’ discover â†’ report Personality  Rigorous, Logical, Skeptical, Proactive, Curious  Education and Experience BS or higher in data science related field Online course work in ML or statistical analysis Bonus if Past experience with social science research Loves power analysis, conjoint analysis, ML, data visualization
Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired to craft meaningful solutions through true collaboration.  Business Analyst/Data Analyst- Full Time *This role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*  AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics Practice  This Practice that leads all initiatives surrounding incorporating AI into Customer Intelligence, Operations Intelligence, Product Intelligence, and Fraud Insights  Location and Travel: Fort Mill, SC or REMOTE  Based on the analysis of the type of the project provide inputs on project methodology to senior stakeholders (Project Manager / Architects etc).  Consolidate inputs from developers and collectively provide inputs on activities/ tasks, task level estimates, schedule, dependencies, risks etc.  Consolidate inputs from developers and collectively provide inputs to testing strategy, configuration, deployment, hardware/software requirement etc.  Analyze in detail resources required for every phase, conduct estimation of time utilization of different resources and activities, prepare resource and development plan or provide inputs and review with PM.  Participate in KT sessions conducted by customer/ other business teams.  Cognizant is committed to veteran and military communities. Cognizant has been often recognized as a military friendly employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our business resource group Veterans Network assists our military associates in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence.  Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jun 10 2021  About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information.
The Tampa Bay Rays are searching for our next Baseball Research and Development Analyst.  Our R&D group helps shape the Baseball Operations decision-making processes through the analysis and interpretation of data. We are seeking those with a passion for baseball and a desire to contribute through mathematics, data analysis, and computation. The next members of our R&D team will be intellectual contributors that can work both individually and collaboratively, come up with interesting research questions to explore, find ways to answer those questions through the available data, develop, test and validate quantitative tools, communicate the results of their research, and work to apply their research outcomes to improve how our organization operates. The new hire will want to work with people who care about being a good teammate, want to make a positive impact on the organization, have an innovative spirit, and will explore new ways to improve. Does this describe you?  Responsibilities: Build customized statistical modeling tools for accurate prediction and inference for various baseball applications. Provide statistical modeling expertise to other R&D Analysts. Optimize code to ensure quick and reliable model sampling/optimization. Author both technical and non-technical internal reports on your work.   Qualifications: Experience with Stan or other probabilistic programming language Experience with R or Python Deep understanding of the fundamentals of Bayesian Inference, MCMC, and Autocorrelation/Time Series Modeling. Start date is flexible. For example, candidates with an extensive amount of remaining time left in an academic program are encouraged to apply immediately. Candidates with non-traditional schooling backgrounds, as well as candidates with Advanced degree (Masters or PhD) in Statistics, Data Science, Machine Learning, or a related field are encouraged to apply   We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital or veteran status, or any other protected class.
8901 - Corp Office West Crk - 12800 Tuckahoe Creek Parkway, Richmond, Virginia, 23238 CarMax, the way your career should be! About CarMax CarMax disrupted the auto industry by delivering the honest, transparent and high-integrity experience customers want and deserve. This innovative thinking around the way cars are bought and sold has helped us become the nation’s largest retailer of used cars, with over 200 locations nationwide. Our amazing team of more than 25,000 associates work together to deliver iconic customer experiences. Along the way, we help every associate grow their career and achieve their best, at work and in their community. We are recognized for our commitment to training and diversity and are one of the FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®. CarMax is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. About this job It’s an exciting time at CarMax! After decades of success and a rise to becoming the largest used car retailer in the US, CarMax is focused on disrupting the auto industry once again through our transformation to a leading omni-channel retailer. To achieve this goal, CarMax has spent the last few years investing heavily in modernizing our digital and analytical infrastructure to support our customer-centric experience as the customer shopping journey continues to evolve online. We’re stitching data science throughout our business to drive a great customer experience and optimize our operations. As a Sr. Data Scientist in Marketing Analytics, you will join a team responsible for developing and maintaining algorithms and analytic tools that help CarMax acquire quality customers and optimize the shopping experience for those customers. With thousands of unique vehicles in inventory, helping customers efficiently find the right car is key to our business success. Our Data Scientists build sophisticated algorithms using best-in-industry data collected from millions of consumers as they shopped. These algorithms enable strategic acquisition strategies, personalized customer experiences, help customers make decisions, and help CarMax sell cars. What you will do – Essential Responsibilities Leverage CarMax’s machine learning cloud environment to design, develop, & operationalize algorithms (e.g. statistical models, machine learning) that will directly impact critical areas of the CarMax business Assess performance of in-market algorithms and identify & act on opportunities for improvement Partner with teams across CarMax to explore new use cases for algorithms and bring new customer experiences to life Design tests and develop strategies to collect data needed to improve algorithm performance and produce iconic data-driven experiences for CarMax customers Qualifications and Requirements To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Degree in Statistics, Data Science, or a related field 2+ years of experience in a relevant field Experience developing and maintaining data science algorithms in a business setting Experience designing and analyzing statistical tests Strong verbal and written communication skills with an ability to communicate complex concepts in simple terms & an ability to tie analytic results to business outcomes Strong results focus, project management, & teamwork Proficiency in coding for analysis and operationalization/automation (e.g. Python/R, SQL/Teradata) Upon an applicant's request, CarMax will consider reasonable accommodation to complete the CarMax Job Application.
Summary Posted: Mar 25, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200207651 Our team builds, maintains, and evolves the on-device user interfaces and frameworks that power the voice input experience across iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, and Watch. We work on exploring new innovations to improve the voice input experience for customers around the world in the many languages they speak. If you're passionate about using your voice as an input method, have strong ownership and good communication skills, and enjoy seeing your work used all over the world then we may have the job for you! Key Qualifications Strong Objective-C, or C/C++ coding skills System programming experience with daemons, frameworks, multithreading, and IPC (XPC). Performance analysis and tuning experience including memory usage, CPU utilization, Power/Battery usage, leak checking, etc. Excellent communication, organizational skills, and ability to work in a diverse group Highly professional, with the ability to deliver solid work on tight schedules Description As a member of our team, you will make substantial contributions to the voice input experience on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV and Watch. Daily duties will include working with multi-functional teams to drive Voice Input features to support new initiatives, developing UI and framework improvements to support existing and new features, shipping high-quality software, being responsive to emerging issues, as well as helping develop a vision for the future of the product. Education & Experience BS degree in Computer Science / Engineering or equivalent experience.
Are you interested in building products and technology to change the future of video? Do you want to make an impact with a close-knit team within a small, fast-growing startup? Do you want to ship new machine learning models as soon as you join and scale systems at a successful and growing startup? Tubular builds real-time metrics about the performance of online videos worldwide across all major platforms and also goes further: providing key insights across the board including competitive analysis, market demand, thematic trends, and more. We have empowered 5,000+ creators and 200+ enterprise customers to create content with confidence, improve their organic and paid promotion, find and partner with influencers, and report it all out efficiently. Tubular analyzes the engagement of the world of digital video viewers and tracks 7+ billion videos and live streams across the major platforms, including YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Twitch. Come watch your favorite videos on comedy, gaming, fashion, electronics, and more as you build predictive models to estimate audience engagement, scale machine learning systems classifying millions of videos, and create new, insightful products across billions of hours of content. Reasons to be a data scientist at Tubular: Develop and apply skills in challenging data science problems while working with petabyte-scale data sets Build predictive models using powerful machine learning algorithms such as gradient-boosted trees and advanced statistical techniques Work on innovative audience estimation models applied to over 1B videos, and millions of creators across multiple platforms Gain experience with operating machine learning products with open source distributed computing technologies such as Spark, Kubernetes, and ElasticSearch in a production setting Challenge yourself to work with datasets with a long tail: building systems to operate at extremely high scale while also understanding how to handle small sample sizes elegantly Opportunity for mentorship with data science and technology experts with decades of subject matter expertise Contribute to a highly collaborative team with a culture of openness, ownership, and growth-mindedness What you bring to the role: A desire to learn new technologies and build great software and data products used by key players in the digital video entertainment industry Hands-on experience with developing machine learning models and creating software implementing those models An ability to solve problems and communicate your technical insights effectively. Experience using Python statistical and machine learning packages such as scikit-learn, tensorflow, numpy, and pandas is a plus Enthusiasm to be an active and contributing member of a high performance data science and engineering team M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Statistics, Math, Data Science, Physics, Engineering or a similar field The perks: Competitive salary, equity and benefits Flex PTO Top of the line equipment 401(k) - retirement plan 100% employer-paid Medical, dental and vision plans Life/AD&D & Disability Benefits Company happy hours and team off sites Hackathons Amazing company culture And more!
Equivalent Experience  100% FULLY REMOTE NO C2C... ONLY W2 Description:Assist with the creation of optimal data pipeline architecture using AWS and SnowflakeConstruct new data integration workflows and work with application developers to re-engineer existing ones that are based in PHP, Perl, Python, and Oracle.Assist in conceptualizing and developing the architecture that will enable real-time data streaming from a variety of sources, including ‘big data’ and semi-structured types (JSON, Parquet).Work closely with internal data analysts and stakeholders to ensure data needs are being met in the data warehouse and any technical issues are resolved.Ensure strict adherence to data governance and security standards, and advise on new measures.Maintain and update documentation detailing progress and test results to keep project team informed.Prepare data and configure access for analytic and data science tools such as Jaspersoft, Dataiku, Salesforce, and new products.Emphasize automation in all areas of data collection, management, and analysis with auditing for quality assurance. Knowledge:Knowledge of AWS (EC2, Lambda, S3, Data pipeline services) and Snowflake is highly preferred.Oracle and Salesforce knowledge is preferred, along with any experience in the cybersecurity domain.Advanced working SQL knowledge for constructing DML/DDL based on source-to-target logic is essential.Experience with Python for ELT construction and orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow or Luigi.Experience with stream processing systems and big data tools (Spark, Kafka, Snowpipe, etc) Tools/Software:ETL Workflow orchestration tool such as Apache Airflow that requires basic Python coding and/or other job scheduling tools.Docker/RedisSnowflake and features such as Snowpipe that will involve SQL coding.AWS S3 as the raw data repository (data lake) and AWS services specialized for pipeline construction where neededStreaming/Big data frameworks like Spark, KafkaOther cloud platforms (Azure, Google cloud) Top Skills Details: apache airflow, AWS, etl development, Python, Sql, Data warehouse, Big data, Etl, Spark, Agile, Jira Experience Level: Entry Level About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
Come join our team with this excellent opportunity as a Data Analyst for a 12-week program. This opportunity will be located in Houston.  You will be involved in a 12-week pilot internship to bring on a data analysis / data science capability into Global Security. Your data science capability serves to enhance the ability to deliver quality strategic and tactical intelligence to Macquarie by supporting the improvement of the quality of security and geopolitical risk analysis by better leveraging large databases and statistical methods to assess and forecast trends in key threat priorities. You will help enhance the detail and strength of evidence-based analysis and well as strengthen our analytical storytelling, including the so-what and now-what, to our customers. In addition, you will reduce key personnel risk within the team on data-science related skill sets and requirements, including Alteryx.  You will work closely with Global Security Operations Center analysts, security and intelligence managers with potential opportunities to engage with other risk stakeholders across the broader organization.  Your additional responsibilities will include: support database creation, management, cleaning, and quality control support automation of existing relational database-driven operational security reporting processes leverage high level programming languages in order to automate manually intensive tasks read and interpret workflows within a SQL/Alteryx environment work in a test-first coding environment to create R/Python script for data processing and report generation  To be successful in the role you will have the following: ability to work collaboratively with a close-knit team of analysts and managers to develop domain expertise and formulate research questions from business problems proven ability to effectively communicate complex concepts and insights to a broad range of internal audiences proficiency and project experience in key programming and data manipulation languages, especially R, Python, SQL experience with automating data-driven analysis and tasks first-year Master’s or rising final year undergraduate student in Master's degree in international relations, political science, economics, journalism, statistics, computer science, or related field.   Preferred, but not essential, skills  proficiency in other programming languages or statistical analysis tools such as PowerBI or Alteryx familiarity and experience with Rest API usage/web scraping stakeholder management and project management skills prior industry experience in corporate security and intelligence, data journalism or business intelligence in a consulting or thinktank environment  We have a preference for those with full-time availability but would consider part-time for strong candidates.  .  About the Corporate Operations Group  The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Business Improvement & Strategy, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.  Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion  The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and an inclusive workplace enables us to embrace that diversity to deliver more innovative and sustainable solutions for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. At Macquarie, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If you're inspired to deliver on our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’, we want you on our team. If you need adjustments made to the recruitment process, please reach out to your recruiter.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.  We equip our people with the support to work in a range of flexible ways. Talk to us about what working arrangements would help you thrive. LI-AMERICAS   About Macquarie A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future. Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 16,000+ employees and offices in 32 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation. You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference. Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.  Job no: COG-959084 Work type: Fixed term Location: Houston Category: Junior, Data & Analytics, Technology Group: Corporate Operations Group Division: Technology Recruiter: Danielle Scaife Opening Date: 30/7/2021
Are you that unique individual that has considerable experience in financial analysis and several years of utilizing your skills and knowledge in the real estate field? If so, you could be the ideal candidate for the Sparrow Financial Analyst position.We are a start up with an employee-centric culture that values talent and work ethic and rewards our employees both monetarily and through benefits.Consider this: our salary is highly competitive and for the Financial Analyst position we are also including a signing bonus. Employees are also eligible for an additional annual incentive bonus in addition to salary.We offer a full suite of benefits and contribute $350 monthly to offset your premiums and provide a $20,000 life insurance policy at no cost. Our 401k plan will be implemented in the 4th quarter of this year. Your benefits start the first of the month after hire, no waiting that extra month unlike many companies. PTO frontend loads, no accruing and is pro-rated from the time you start until end of the year when a full years access of 80 hours starts for you Jan 1.For more information about this exciting opportunity to start in the ground floor of a rapidly growing Single Family Rental Company, read on!!SPARROWSparrow is a growing national single-family home rental company that owns and operates high quality residential homes. We take pride in our customer service excellence and providing a best in class living experience for our residents. Sparrow fosters growth opportunities for those who are willing to earn them. We encourage you to shoot for the stars while leveraging your passion to learn and excel. The opportunity to work autonomously to affect change in a results-driven environment is right here in front of you. If you are on the hunt to build infrastructure, impact branding, execute informed decisions and influence stakeholders, you have found your best career move with Sparrow.Financial AnalystAbout the JobAs an essential part of the Sparrow Team, the Financial Analyst will be responsible for assisting with recurring as well as ad-hoc and project-based analyses. Additionally, the Financial Analyst will be exposed to various aspects of the financial and operational side of our business as well as participate as an integral member of our investment process from start to finish. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:Supporting all aspects of the investment process, including initial underwriting, modeling, due diligence, closing, financing, and development of real estate assetsPerforming / managing market level analysis and documentation including rent comps, sales comps, demographic data, etc.Developing reports and presentations for the investment committee, internal stakeholders, and external partnersManaging the potential investment pipeline databaseAbout Your ResponsibilitiesDevelop and maintain portfolio and new construction acquisition modelsPrepare and maintain real estate data spreadsheets and reports for the Asset Management teamAssist in the preparation of annual property budgets and strategic plansCompile pertinent market and demographic data for portfolioCollect data from multiple sources to create one time and recurring reportsBuild dashboards to show results and trends in portfolio performanceMaintain databases, spreadsheets and other tools used in data analysis and perform updates to ensure accuracy and error free databasesDevelop and interpret real estate data or guidelines following a variety of proceduresPrepare presentations (Power point, etc.) for senior management and partners on portfolio performance and trendsAbout YouYou are a natural leader with an entrepreneurial mindset who thrives in a fast-paced environmentYou enjoy investing time, talent and technique to achieve successYou are best described as a high-level performer who shows up and delivers their personal bestYou are accuracy oriented with a strong sense of urgency and focus on customer serviceYou are comfortable in an environment with unpredictable and cyclical workloads while managing tight deadlinesYou have exceptional communication, listening, learning and follow-up skillsYou are a self-starter who enjoys working independently, then quickly transitioning to strategic planning and executive collaborationYou are often described as engaging, present and reliableYou are not de-railed by the statement “other duties as assigned”About The RequirementsBachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university in a business-related field. Prefer degree in mathematics, statistics or data science. Prior experience with financial analysis required.Financial Analysis experience in Real Estate is essential, preferably single family rentals.Advanced financial modeling skills including a high degree of proficiency with ExcelExpertise in SQL database, Excel, Tableau, Yardi and other reporting tools requiredStrong written and verbal communication skills including analytical skillsAbility to effectively present information to senior management and work collaboratively in a team environmentRequires knowledge of basic financial terms, concepts and accounting principlesAbout What We OfferA phenomenal opportunity to be part of a well-capitalized and growing entrepreneurial business team that can help you become the very best at what you doA fun, flexible work environmentCompetitive compensation and benefitsWe look forward to hearing from you!!Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:Dental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insurancePhysical Setting:OfficeSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus paySigning bonusCOVID-19 considerations:Currently the majority of our employees are working in the office. All precautions, social distancing, masks, and hand sanitizer are in effect to ensure our employees are safe .Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Advanced Modeling & Excel: 2 years (Preferred)Financial Analysis: 2 years (Preferred)SQL, Tableau: 2 years (Preferred)Real Estate: 2 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
A Row Crop Breeding Analyst job in Tucson, AZ is currently available through Belcan. To be considered for this role you should have a bachelor's degree in engineering, data science or analytics, biological or agricultural sciences with experience reporting data, data management, or data analytics. In this role, you will be extracting large datasets from agricultural production and nursery operations and developing insights for plot mapping.  Breeding Reporting Analyst job duties: Developing workflows and planning for crop breeding data. Develop and maintain data models, reports and dashboards using knowledge of internal data structures and metrics. Develop analytical pipelines and internal tools that enable quick access to quality data in graphic and non- graphic form. Prepare and present reports, analysis and presentations.  Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Engineering, data science or analytics, Biology, Agronomy Experience with large data sets Must be an expert in Excel and relational database skills 1+ years of experience organizing and reporting big data in an agriculture, research, manufacturing, automation or related working environment. Experience with visual analytical reports in Spotfire, Tableau, or similar tools a plus. Candidates should reside in Tucson, AZ region.  #Tucsonjobs  If you are interested in this Row Crop Breeding Analyst job in Tucson, AZ please apply via the "apply now" link provided. Belcan is a leading provider of qualified personnel to many of the world's most respected enterprises. We offer excellent opportunities for contract/temporary, temp-to-hire, and direct assignments in the engineering, IT, and professional fields. We are the employer of choice for thousands worldwide. Our overriding goal is to provide quality staffing solutions that help people, organizations, and communities succeed. Belcan is a team-driven Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity. For more information, please visit our website at http://www.belcan.com.
Summary Posted: Aug 6, 2021 Role Number:200200454 Imagine the impact you can make. A billion users will use the technologies you helped craft almost daily. At Apple, you will have the opportunity to work on products that are always leaders in the industry and occasionally, change the world! The Video Engineering group at Apple is responsible for crafting the image/video core technologies used in almost all Apple products and services. We are looking for a highly self-motivated and enthusiastic individual, who is able to excel in a technically meaningful environment, to fill in the position of video algorithm engineer. Key Qualifications Excellent problem solving skills Expert knowledge of the principles, algorithms, and tools of deep learning, including models, training strategies, training dataset building, cost functions, quality metrics, etc... Expert knowledge of the principles, algorithms, and techniques in video/ image processing, and low-level computer vision, such as spatial scaling, optical flow estimation, segmentation, frame rate up conversion, noise reduction, color processing, etc... Excellent written and oral communication skills Proven programming skills using common ML tools such as Python, PyTorch, CUDA Metal, and C/C++ Description In this role you will work together with colleagues in a fast-paced environment, developing ML-based video processing solutions for current and future Apple products. This position requires a highly self-directed individual with strong creative and analytic skills, and a passion for applying deep learning technologies in video processing and low level vision tasks. Your responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 1. Working with our own team as well other teams, on developing a DL-based solution for a video processing/low level vision problem, building training dataset, training the DL model, prototyping and demonstrating to leadership. 2. Working with multi-functional teams on implementing the solution on iOS/macOS platforms, including DL model simplification and retraining, model porting, code integration, performance acceleration, power tuning, quality tuning, etc... 3. Working with the SoC design team on accelerating the solution using hardware. Education & Experience MS/PhD in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science
Are you able to work with messy data from disparate sources in different formats? Do you use Excel functions that most people don’t even know exist? Do you prefer the title “Problem Solver” or “Discoverer of Insights” instead of “Analyst”? Does telling the story through data science in order to influence the design of the AAA Insurance products sound interesting to you? If you answered yes to these questions, we may have an exciting career opportunity for you. We are looking for a high potential Insurance Analyst to join our product analytics team who will help deliver rapid, profitable growth and support CSAA Insurance Group, a AAA Insurer, in achieving our goals! Essential Responsibilities Performs complex insurance, financial, and economic research/analysis in collaboration with product management, underwriting, claims, actuarial. Collaborates with other functional areas to develop quality standards, strategy tactics and systems for monitoring performance for all insurance transactions. Utilizes knowledge and understanding of insurance operations, makes recommendations for process improvements, market development and goal attainment based on analysis performed. Prepares presentations of findings and recommendations and may participate as a co-presenter and/or lead portions of projects to achieve goal. May review work of less seasoned staff for accuracy, logic and appropriateness. Develops and may act as coach on processes for reporting out information to organization. What would make us excited about you? Bachelor's degree in mathematics, business, statistics, economics, computer science, or related field 5+ years of directly related experience or equivalent combination of education and experience Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and SQL Strong research, statistical, analytical, processing and mathematical skills with ability to structure and conduct analyses. Adaptability and the capability of multi-tasking and effective time management. Ability to make effective formal presentations. Effective oral and written communication skills. Master’s Degree (preferred). Knowledge of insurance, accounting and rate-making concepts (preferred). Significant experience/background in scripting languages including Python, R, and SAS (preferred). Proficient in one or more analytics & visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Power BI, SAS Viya preferred). Expertise in various structured analysis and design techniques (preferred). Experience with data science a plus Why join us? Make a difference. We don’t just go to work. We’re a team of employees committed to AAA members, our communities and each other. Lifestyle. We drive strategy through innovation. We do honorable work, and we live our core beliefs Recognition. We offer a total compensation package, performance bonus, 401(k) with a company match, and so much more! Read more about what we offer and what it is like to be a part of our dynamic team at: https://careers.csaa-insurance.aaa.com Let’s work together Submit your application to be considered. We communicate via email, so check your inbox and/or your spam folder to ensure you don’t miss important updates from us. Headquartered in Walnut Creek, California, our community also works in Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, New Jersey and Oklahoma. Our differences, visible and invisible, make every individual at CSAA Insurance Group unique and valuable. We strive to foster a culture where all employees feel a sense of belonging and can leverage their differences to thrive. We believe in embracing our unique identities, experiences, and points of view to advance our company and reflect our communities and members. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please contact TalentAcquisition@csaa.com. CSAA Insurance Group is an equal opportunity employer. In compliance of Colorado’s Equal Pay for Equal Work Act (EPEWA) we are disclosing the compensation, or a range thereof, for roles that will be, or could be performed in Colorado. If performed in Colorado, this position has a salary range of $89,000-$105,000 with an opportunity for a company-wide annual discretionary bonus, through our Annual Incentive Plan (AIP), of up to 8% of eligible pay. Please note, hourly or salary compensation, or the range of hourly or salary compensation available for a position may vary by location. We reserve the right to amend these benefits at any time and actual compensation will be determined at time of offer. #hp #expand #LI-SM1
Interested in a career with both meaning and growth? Whether your abilities are in direct patient care or one of the many other areas of healthcare administration and support, everyone at PCCIworks together to fulfill our mission: the health and well-being of individuals and communities entrusted to our care. By joining our team, you become part of a diverse healthcare legacy that’s served our community for more than 125 years. Put your skills to work with us, seek opportunities to learn and join a talented team where patient care is more than a job. It’s our passion.  Primary Purpose Parkland Center of Clinical Innovation (PCCI) is looking for an energetic software engineer to design, develop, test, and support PCCI's machine learning platforms. This platform is used to advance our mission of leveraging machine learning to drive personalized and precision medicine. We are looking for entrepreneurial, innovative individuals who thrive on solving tough problems in a fast-paced environment. Delivering results, bias for action, ability to multi-task/prioritize, strong technical skills, ability to influence, leadership, and a natural curiosity are essential traits for success in this role. In this role, you will: Interact with Clinicians, Data Scientists, Engineers, Product Managers, and leadership to define and deliver complex features. Design, develop, debug and deploy predictive machine learning platforms . primarily on cloud based, distributed platforms. Drive test-driven development and automate usage patterns by leveraging Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) . Dive into the technical complexity of features and bugs when needed and be able to recommend priority of issues . Identify opportunities to drive innovation, accelerate product launches, and remove bottlenecks to deliver results . Dive deep to identify root causes of issues and/or generate reports and extract data to identify problem patterns. Minimum Specifications Education : Must have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or a related field. Prefer a Master's Degree in Computer Science, or a related field. Experience : 1+ years of experience in developing and shipping enterprise applications, preferably in a cloudbased environment using Python. A history of academic excellence or professional success. Experience working with healthcare organizations payers, providers or R&D institutions is a plus. Skills or Special Abilities : Strong programming experience in Python. A thorough understanding of design and implementation of REST APIs, services, system tasks, and cloud solutions. Strong attention to detail, problem solving, analytical and organizational skills. Familiarity with GitHub practices, and comfortable managing multiple repositories. Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical individuals. Familiarity with data science tools and frameworks. Passion for data and analytics. Familiarity with SQL and reporting tools like PowerBI.  Parkland Health and Hospital System prohibits discrimination based on age (40 or over), race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, disability, national origin, marital status, political belief, or veteran status.
At a lot of organizations, it is hard to stand out. Everyone is working on the same projects; creating and testing as fast and efficiently as humanly possible. Don’t get lost in the crowd. Team Daugherty offers the opportunity to work on something different. With every project comes the unique opportunity to showcase your skills. Team Daugherty is looking to grow the Data and Analytic space here in Chicago. Potential roles could include: Informational Architect, Information Analyst, Data Engineer, or Big Data Developer. Ideal candidates for these positons are problem solvers with the ability to utilize insights, creativity, and perspective to drive business success for our clients. In these roles, you could have the opportunity to work with analysts, technical team leads, and software engineers on business intelligence related architectural issues and best practices. You may also assess organizational readiness, plan and execute a proof of concept, and lead an implementation plan to success. Now, imagine yourself: Assisting in the design and development of reports and dashboards for varying levels of the organization (operational through executive management). Assembling large, complex data sets that meet functional/non-functional business requirements. Collaborating with clients to design information management and business intelligence solutions. Analyzing application specifications and technology approaches to ensure business requirements are met and are scalable for future product releases. Creating custom software components and employing a variety of languages and tools. Working with business analyst and management to recommend future application solutions. The types of technologies that we work with: Interest in joining our crew? Here are a few things that we look for: Ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly. Interest in working with tools and technologies such as: Hadoop, Informatica, Vertica, Business Objects, Cassandra, Kafka, Postgres, BigTable, Oracle, Teredata, MarkLogic, MongoDB, MatLab, HBase, Hive, CouchDB, Sklearn, Azure, PostGIS, Redshift, SAS, Memcache, Redis, Pandas, Accumulo, NumPy, TensorFlow, Python, BASH, Scala, Julia, Spark, Map Reduce, Elastic Search, AWS, Splunk, Sqoop, Kibana, Spark Streaming, Solr, DynamoDB, SoftLayer, DigitalOcean, Google Cloud, Ansible, Jenkins, Crystal Reports, Qlik, Docker, Chef, Zoomdata, SPSS, AMOS, LISREL, Theanos, t-tests, power analysis, ANOVA, ANCOVA, linear regression, logistic regression, ARIMA, factor analysis, principal components, decision trees, Naïve Bayes, K-Nearest Neighbors, Neural Networks, Random Forest, K-means clustering, Gaussian Mixture Models, GPFS, Kudu, Impala, Kinesis, GCP, Salt, Puppet, Pentaho, Jaspersoft, Talend, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Domo, Looker, Nifi, Spotfire, D3, PowerPivot, Power BI, Actian Vector, StremSets, REST, GraphQL, Kubernetes, GIS, Airflow, Oozie, Node Red, Mic
Company Description About Verusen We are experiencing incredible growth in our second year in our current business model. We have signed some of the world’s most respected brands growing over 300% in 2020, a year that has been challenging for so many others. Verusen is a leading technology company that uses artificial intelligence to provide visibility, digitization, and prediction of materials data and inventory for complex supply chains. The company’s AI software harmonizes disparate material data across ERP instances/systems while providing accurate MDM across the enterprise to optimize inventory costs. Intelligent controls enforce inventory procedures to help prevent future inventory spikes, while predictive capabilities optimize allocation and procurement needs. The result is a data foundation you can trust to move quickly to innovate and support related Industry 4.0 initiatives. We are venture-backed by leading investors from San Francisco to Boston and are a Signature Company at Georgia Tech’s Advanced Technology Development Center (ATDC). Partnerships including SAP and Accenture. Verusen is a portfolio company of SAP.iO.  Job Description About Verusen Verusen is experiencing incredible growth in our second year in our current business model. We have signed some of the world’s most respected brands growing over 300% in 2020; a year that has been challenging for so many others. Verusen is a leading technology company that uses artificial intelligence to provide visibility, digitization, and prediction of materials data and inventory for complex supply chains. The company’s AI software harmonizes disparate material data across ERP instances/systems while providing accurate MDM across the enterprise to optimize inventory costs. Intelligent controls enforce inventory procedures to help prevent future inventory spikes, while predictive capabilities optimize allocation and procurement needs. The result is a data foundation you can trust to move quickly to innovate and support related Industry 4.0 initiatives. Verusen is venture-backed by leading investors from San Francisco to Boston, and is a Signature Company at Georgia Tech’s Advanced Technology Development Center (ATDC). Partnerships including SAP and Accenture. Verusen is a portfolio company of SAP.iO. Job Description As a Machine learning QE engineer, you will work closely with Product Management and Data science to understand how to evaluate and monitor our ML pipelines. The successful ML-QA has a strong technical aptitude and is obsessed with continuous quality improvement in the ML field; they are experienced and highly committed to creating world-class automation for feature testing and regression for different ML models. ResponsibilitiesDesign, develop, execute and maintain manual and automated tests and monitors for machine-learning pipelines.Work closely with front end QE to ensure that high-quality data is presented to customersUnderstanding of machine learning techniques, data structures, algorithms, statistics.Work cross-functionally with other QEs, developers, and product managersDrive research of industry trends and apply best practices in quality engineering practices used in evolving machine learning techniques. QualificationsBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/ Engineering preferred1-2 years of experience in Machine Learning algorithmsUnderstanding how machine learning algorithms are evaluated, and how models are compared.Familiarity with monitoring AI pipelines.Expertise in automation suites, frameworks for verification of distributed systems and machine learning models such as Amazon Sagemaker or Google DataLab.Demonstrated ability to learn and apply new technology, tools and processesAnalytical mindset and detail-oriented approach to problem-solvingPositive approach, good culture fit, and a passion for Quality Engineering and automationGood communication skillsSupply Chain experience a plusRapid Growth and/or Startup experience a plusProficiency in python language, working knowledge of pytest is a plus.  Additional Information Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion At Verusen, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support a diverse culture, perspectives, skills, and experiences within our workforce. We believe that diversity and inclusion among our teammates are critical to our success, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. For more information about the Company, check us out at www.verusen.com.
Summary Posted: Aug 4, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200257411 Would you like to contribute to Machine Learning at an extensive scale? Our Scene Understanding (SUN) team is hiring a senior engineer with a proven track record in product focussed ML. SUN is comprised of applied researchers who own a variety of production ML workflows that surprise and we delight millions of our customers! We contribute to a variety of shipping workflows you could be regularly using: Photos Search, Curation, Memories, Intelligent Autocrop, Visual Captioning for Accessibility, Federated Learning on visual content, Real time Classification & Saliency in Camera, Semantic Segmentation in Camera, and several on-device backbones across the system. Further, several of our projects are surfaced to third party developers through Vision & CoreML. Shipping APIs include image tagging, image similarity, saliency estimation and prints for transfer learning. Couple of relevant WWDC presentations: https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2019/222/ https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2019/225/ Key Qualifications Experience with multiple modalities (image, NLP, audio) Proficient in coding (C, C++, Python) Proven prototyping skills Familiarity with ML & experience placing research in context with state of art You have strong analytical and problem solving skills You're aware of the challenges associated to the transition of a prototype into a final product You're familiar with the challenges of developing algorithms that run efficiently on resource constrained platforms You've demonstrated leadership in both applied research and development Excellent written and verbal communications skills, be comfortable presenting research to large audiences, and have the ability to work hands-on in multi-functional teams You should be motivated and results-oriented Description The Scene Understanding team is looking for engineers passionate about impacting user experiences at scale through cutting edge ML. The position would entail extensive experimentation and prototyping aimed at system experiences of the future. You will be interacting very closely with a variety of researchers, software engineers, hardware & design teams cross functionally. An important requirement for the position is the ability to translate state of the art ML algorithms into production quality code. Solutions developed will leverage multi-modal inputs (visual, range, nlp, audio) with a strong emphasis on visual processing. The primary responsibilities associated with this position range from ML experimentation, prototyping, and authoring production frameworks. Education & Experience M.S. or PhD in Computer Science or a related field (mathematics, physics or computer engineering). Relevant background and coursework in Computer Vision and NLP is a big plus Additional RequirementsExperience with OS X and iOS development tools and familiarity with GPU programming is a plusBasic knowledge of Objective-C is desirableExperience in software engineering is a major plusExperience in industry is a plus
Overview:  The AVP Decision Analytics plays a key role in enhancing origination strategies and portfolio servicing strategies through the development of data driven business solutions. This position focuses on improving loan acquisition, credit risk and account management strategies through the collection, analysis, interpretation and presentation of origination and portfolio data. The AVP Decision Analytics applies advanced quantitative and analytical skills to improve decisions and processes through data analysis, model development and strategy testing. Responsibilities:  JOB DUTIES The AVP Decision Analytics leads a team of Statisticians and is responsible for developing statistical models, performing statistical analysis and developing predictive models for loan acquisition and loan servicing purposes; monitoring and validating model performance and updating models as needed; developing and maintaining various databases, technical models and reports required to support research, data gathering and analytic responsibilities; conducting ad hoc research projects incorporating project design, data collection and analysis; summarizing findings and presenting results; developing recommendations for operational policies and procedures; gathering and analyzing data to determine impact to business operations As a manager of Statisticians, maintain a full staff of highly motivated individuals that are adept at statistical analysis; actively participate in activities that lead to obtaining and retaining qualified team members; lead staff in achieving goals in the areas of software proficiency, data proficiency, data accuracy, data presentation, reporting, analysis, project execution and results presentation; and guide subordinates in developing appropriate analytical methodologies and processes for conducting data-driven analyzes and ensure that they choose appropriate techniques balancing timeliness, data availability and importance of project to the business The AVP will partner with and provide recommendations to business leadership on the appropriate application of statistical analysis and predictive analytics to business strategies and effectively communicate credit risk analysis results to senior leadership Perform other duties as assigned Conform with all company policies and procedures Qualifications:  Knowledge Knowledge of quantitative, analytical and data science techniques Advanced knowledge principles, standards, practices and techniques of applied statistical methodologies Understanding statistical experimental design Advanced knowledge of SAS, Excel, Word and PowerPoint Working knowledge of R or Python Knowledge of business issues and map these issues into quantitative questions Solid understanding of credit bureaus and the structure of their credit files Knowledge of the laws that cover the usage of statistical models under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act Skills Demonstrated quantitative skills and ability to apply complex statistical principles Proactive and detail oriented Ability to identify emerging business issues and place them into quantitative questions Ability to interact collaboratively with internal customers, team members and external vendors Capable of managing multiple and varied projects Ability to work with minimal supervision Written and verbal presentation skills with an ability to communicate well with management Advanced process and model documentation skills Ability to identify and understand business issues and map these issues into quantitative questions Education Bachelor’s Degree required Master’s Degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Econometrics, Operations Research or similar quantitative field required Experience 5-7 years statistical/scorecard modeling required 1+ years of experience managing and leading a group of statisticians and analysts preferred Working Conditions Hybrid: ability to work from home part of the work week #LI-WB1
About the role: As a Financial Data Analyst with TQL, you will be a key member of the Finance department. You will be working directly with a wide range of internal customers to identify opportunities for revenue growth, productivity enhancement, and cost savings. You will be tasked with leveraging tools such as SQL, Excel, and Power BI to produce actionable reporting and analyses that will support stakeholder objectives. What’s in it for you: Competitive compensation and benefits package Paid relocation to Cincinnati, OH Advancement opportunities within structured career paths Employee referral bonus opportunities Up to $5,000/yr in tuition reimbursement We win wherever we go – Voted 2019 and 2020 Fortune 100 Best Company to Work For What you’ll be doing: Take ownership of reporting projects to identify areas of productivity and cost saving improvements Perform data mining, analysis, and create visualizations using SQL, Excel, and Power BI Analyze and document business processes and metrics to identify improvement opportunities Streamline routine analysis and reports Prepare industry/competitive analysis to benchmark business objectives to the market Deliver results with accuracy and urgency on multiple projects Provide quality customer service to a diverse group of internal customers What you need: Bachelor’s degree in Business Analytics, Business Intelligence, Data Science, Information Systems, or equivalent discipline preferred Experience with Power BI, SQL and or managing large amounts of data is a plus Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel, creating dashboards, forms, and scorecards Good oral and written communication skills, with ability to effectively communicate with a variety of disciplines and diverse groups of people Exceptional organizational skills and a demonstrated ability to handle multiple tasks, follow and achieve timelines is critical Self-starter with a strong work ethic, attention to detail and able to work in a fast-paced environment  Total Quality Logistics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status.   If you are unable to apply online due to a disability, contact recruiting at recruiting@tql.com.
Data Analytics Engineer in Towson, Maryland  We Don’t Just Build The World, We Build Innovative Power Tools Too.  Come Build The World With Us  This is the career you’ve been waiting for your whole life. Joining the Stanley Black & Decker team means working in an innovative, tech-driven and highly collaborative team environment supported by over 58,000 professionals in 60 countries across the globe. Here, you’ll get the unique chance to impact some of the world’s most iconic brands including STANLEY TOOLS, DEWALT, CRAFTSMAN, MAC TOOLS and Black & Decker. Your ideas and solutions have the potential to reach millions of customers as we work together to write the next chapter in our history. Come build with us and take your career to new heights.  Who We Are  We’re the World’s largest tool company. We’re industry visionaries. We’re solving problems and develop world class power tools. We are committed to provide safe, reliable and best in class product to our customers & greater environmental and social value to our planet. We are unique in that we have a rich and storied history dating back to 1843, but that hasn't stopped us from evolving into a vibrant, diverse, global growth company.  Who You Are  You’re a curious problem solver who has the ability to bring big ideas to life. You’re creative and scrappy but can navigate a large organization with ease. You’re agile and adaptable but work with precision to ensure we deliver top-notch customer experiences, always. You’re a highly motivated, hands-on person that takes ownership for achieving assigned tasks and drives reliability discipline across all functions of the business. You also have:  Required Specifications: Bachelor's degree in ME or SIE or EE with Data Analytics and/or Data Science focus. Experience developing dashboarding tools using Python, PowerBI, SSRS, Access, and/or Excel. Strong knowledge of Python or R data analysis libraries including Pandas Advanced SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases Experience working with National Instrument infrastructure (cRIO controllers and TDMS file format) Strong ability to work independently and balance multiple projects Knowledge of power tools and general design process recommended Familiarity with machine learning / AI models What You’ll Do  As a Data Analytics Engineer, you’ll be part of our Global Tools & Storage team located in Towson, MD. You will plan and execute reliability, quality and test engineering elements per the Milestone process for assigned New Product development projects across various cordless & corded portfolios. These tasks include warranty failure analysis, reliability modeling & prediction, life data analysis, test qualification program development, quality assurance planning, statistical studies, design of experiments and failure mode & effects analysis. Specifically, you’ll: Design scripts and analytic models to parse, format, and visualize complex data sets. Assist in implementing systems to monitor status of testing Build data pipelines from internal and external sources that feed analytic tools and dashboards Perform business analysis using various techniques, e.g. statistical analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, data mining. Produce scheduled and ad hoc data and reports at a customer, department, and business level from multiple data sources. Work alongside teams to establish business needs and goals Identify and implement fixes for inefficient processes and policies related to data storage, data entry, and visualization Troubleshoot bugs and answer questions asked by other employees related to data Demonstrate successful performance with attention to detail while managing multiple projects Work effectively with minimal supervision and maintain good working relationship with internal and external teams & customers  Benefits & Perks  You’ll get a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits plan that includes medical, dental, life, vision, wellness program, disability, 401k, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Paid Time Off, including paid vacation, holidays & personal days, and tuition reimbursement. And, of course, discounts on Stanley Black & Decker tools and products and well as discount programs for many other vendors and partners.  What You’ll Also Get Career Opportunity: Career paths aren’t linear here. Being part of our global company with 60+ brands gives you the chance to grow and develop your skills along multiple career paths. Learning & Development: Our lifelong learning philosophy means you’ll have access to a wealth of state-of-the-art learning resources, including our Lean Academy and online university (where you can get certificates and specializations from renowned colleges and universities). Diverse & Inclusive Culture: We pride ourselves on being an awesome place to work. We respect and embrace differences because that’s how the best work gets done. You’ll find we like to have fun here, too. Purpose-Driven Company: You’ll help us continue to make positive changes in the local communities where we work and live as well as in the broader world through volunteerism, giving back and sustainable business practices. Stanley Black & Decker is one of the world's largest, fastest growing and most dynamic companies. SBD, a Fortune 200 company is a world-leading provider of tools and storage, commercial electronic security and engineered fastening systems, with unique growth platforms and a track record of sustained profitable growth.  All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran’s status or any other protected characteristic. #LI-MW1 Requisition Number 82408BR Business US - GTS - PTG No. of Positions 1 EEO Statement All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran’s status or any other protected characteristic. Function Engineering Services Featured Category on SBD Careers Engineering Region USA
Nashville Data Science Instructor Jobs  With the new school year approaching, the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science instructors nationally and in Nashville. As an instructor who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money teaching small groups of students, choose your own hours, and truly make a difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid 2x per week. Choose to tutor as much or as little as you want. Set your own hours and schedule. Get paired with students best-suited to your teaching style and preferences (from thousands of potential clients). Tutor online (i.e. ‚Äúwork remotely‚Äù) using our purpose-built Live Learning Platform. Students can take adaptive assessments through the platform and share results to help you decide where to focus. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a instructor:  You have a friendly, approachable personality and foster engagement among students. You have subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have excellent presentation skills and work well with groups.  >Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. Through small group instruction, instructors meet with groups typically ranging between 7-9 students for a more collaborative learning experience. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right instructors in a small group setting can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.
Responsible for the operational support of sales and services business development teams to ensure the overall successful management of the assigned accounts or services and an optimal client satisfaction. Essential Functions Creating and Managing Opportunities in Salesforce.com at direction of BD Team Management and updating of Salesforce.com CRM tool to ensure accurate forecasting Create Projects in PSA for Services opportunities Gather all required documentation for finance and business approval. Support Pricing activities for information products and Pricing Assistant for Services products Become Expert in IQVIA CRM system. Align and collaborate across the organization, with Product Management, Finance, Client Service, Contracts and Legal. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree Possess strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Ability to organize and prioritize own work. Ability to analyze and interpret data. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships internally and with internal customers. Strong MS Office knowledge Sales Operations background is a plus Salesforce.com or any other CRM system knowledge is a plus Flexibility and willingness to join a dynamic and fast-paced working environment At IQVIA, we believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. The advanced analytics, technology solutions and contract research services we provide to the life sciences industry are made possible by our 70,000+ employees around the world who apply their insight, curiosity and intellectual courage every step of the way. Learn more at jobs.iqvia.com. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other status protected by applicable law. IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.
Minimum Clearance Required to Start: Top Secret SCI Job Description: Geospatial Data Analyst/ Engineer Job Code: R120208 Location: Springfield, Virginia, United States POSITION OVERVIEW: Provide statistical and mathematical support to analyze and interpret a wide range of geospatial data in order to provide customer solutions. Works with various stakeholders to present and operationalize data to achieve actionable insights to drive customer strategy and decisions. Applies intermediate-level analytic capabilities to solve complex problems from a combination of unstructured, semi-structured, and structured data. Captain of your own mind We’re looking for individuals who solve problems and make decisions based on their own observations and experience — people who have the confidence to handle issues as they arise — people who are the really valuable contributors. If you’re a responsible person who knows when to push the boundaries, we’re interested. Very interested. DESCRIPTION: Maintains, moves, and manipulates data between Geospatial applications, using appropriate software. Utilizes industry standard communication and data visualization tools to visualize and communicate complex quantitative information and analysis. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis to customer and other stakeholders with required/appropriate documentation. Performs other responsibilities associated with this position as may be appropriate. People with hands-on experience influence many of our most important decisions We believe that no one understands the needs and challenges of everyday jobs better than the people who actually perform them. That’s why your point of view is considered when decisions are made as to what is working and what can be made better. Our diverse, welcoming environment assures that every person is appreciated, respected, and offered growth opportunities in return for their unique perspectives and skills. Got ideas? We’d like to hear from you. QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience within related field and 3+ years of related experience. Relevant educational concentrations: Geography, GIS, Geoscience, Geostatistics, Statistics, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Data Science, Computer Science, or related field. Active TS/SCI security clearance. Proficiency with software packages and technologies: ESRI ArcMap, ArcPro, ArcPython, Insights, Google Earth, Amazon Web Service, WebAppBuilder, QGIS, OpenGeo, MapProxy, Geoserver, and GeoWebCace. Intermediate proficiency with R, Stata, or Python for statistical and geospatial analysis. We deliver five-star experiences thanks to pros like you Here, you’ll be even more excited to offer the five-star service that makes clients feel valued because you yourself will feel so valued. Our diverse staff is included, welcomed, appreciated and rewarded for their star performances every day. SKILLS/COMPETENCIES: Ability to leverage a range of data sources to gain an understanding of what drives a positive customer experience. Ability to develop mathematical algorithms and applications in response to complex requirements. Strength in collaboration and teamwork within, between, and across organizational boundaries. Must demonstrate good oral and written communication skills, along with good interpersonal skills and an ability to work cooperatively and effectively as a team member. #CJ We harness the power of innovation so that you can change the world and help our customers solve their most complex challenges Must be able to obtain, maintain and/or currently possess a security clearance.
Description UPMC Health Plan has an exciting opportunity for a full-time Data Scientist Associate to support the Marketing Communications Department for its downtown Pittsburgh location at the US Steel Tower.  The Associate Data Scientist uses a robust math toolbox to discover solutions for a diverse portfolio of interesting and challenging problems. The Associate Data Scientist works collaboratively with the Data Scientist to develop, implement, and monitor advanced analytic, medical informatics, and predictive modeling tools for health care programs. Normal work hours are Monday through Friday day-light business hours or as needed.  Responsibilities: Execution of all phases of quantitative research projects: identifying the business problem, data exploration, modeling, and communication of final results, with the assistance of the data scientist. Consults with and provides guidance on the selection and use of modeling software and programs. Design, develop, and implement health care analytics, marketing analytics, and biomedical modeling programs. Develop and implement test designs for marketing and operational programs, and generate insights and recommendations. Support ad hoc campaign performance analyses with the Marketing team. Implements plans for capturing and creating new data elements, working with Health Plan CIO and IT staff. Responsible for conceiving, planning, designing, developing, and validating robust algorithms for use in analyzing health care models.  Qualifications Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline such as Bio-informatics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, Decision Science, Health Services Research or related field. One year of experience in quantitative methods or other relevant work Ph.D. preferred in a strongly quantitative discipline such as Bio-informatics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, Decision Science, Health Services Research or related field. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Strong mathematics and science background with sound analytical/computational skills. Intermediate-level knowledge of statistical methodologies. Knowledge of database management using SQL. Proficiency in statistical programming languages such as, but not limited to: MATLAB, Mathematica, SAS, R, or STATISTICA. Ability to design programs to analyze complicated scenarios. Demonstrate a high degree of professionalism, enthusiasm, and initiative on a daily basis. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment a must. Attention to detail is critical to the success of this position  Licensure, Certifications, and Clearances:  UPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran
Belay Technologies has been voted one of Baltimore's Best Places to Work in 2020! As an Elasticsearch Data Scientist you will collaborate with system and software engineers to design and develop complex Elasticsearch queries to be used by system recommendation services. You will also be responsible for designing and implementing approximately 20 different indices and data mapping. You should be familiar with creating customer Elasticsearch analyzers, tokenizers, and tailored field mappings. All candidates must hold an active security clearance with polygraph.  Candidates should have experience with: Designing, building, and maintaining an ELK stack clusterDesigning, building, and maintaining Kibana dashboardsElastic securityDockerAdvanced scripting  Desired experience may include the following or related technologies: LogstashBeatsKibana DashboardsKibana Machine LearningKibana Graph  Lead the Way  Belay wants you to lead the way - push boundaries, offer ideas, create solutions, and be a part of something great with Team Belay! Our team is full of technology pioneers who take the smartest approach, never accept the status quo, and are excited about making a difference!!  Our team leads: Ideas; white papers, new technologies, improving existing infrastructure and introducing solutions...Belay was built on ideas Growth; Be the Captain of your Fate! Share your aspirations and Belay will pave the way with conferences, education, mentorship and hands-on exposure to new and exciting things Development; step up, be instrumental in our growth and business efforts and you will be met with an open door to new experiences as leaders in a growing company Benefits; your feedback determines our offerings, which improve constantly based on your needs Giving: You tell us what is important to you and Belay will support your personal cause and charitable efforts, we’ve paid donations and volunteered to causes special to our team Fun; You give us ideas and we deliver in a big way, with go-kart racing, rock climbing, swanky casino nights, skeet shooting, happy hours and more! Make a difference and have fun with Team Belay!!  Perks and Benefits: 8 weeks paid leave - 4 weeks of personal leave, 3 Yay! days, take off on your birthday,10 paid holidays and optional leave up to 6 days through Belay's volunteer program6% matching in 401(k) contributions vested on day one$5,000 annual training/tuitionStudent Loan Repayment Program100% company funded HSARich medical coverage (100% coinsurance)Dental coverage including orthodontiaUp to $420,000 in life insurance, premiums 100% company fundedAmazon Prime, gym reimbursement, monthly lunches, games and prizesPet adoption program, generous referral bonus program, fun events, and more!  Think you know someone who might be right for the job? Refer them to LeadTheWay@belaytech.com and you may be eligible for a referral reward up to $10,000!  What We Do Belay Technologies provides leading technology and engineering solutions to the DoD, as well as state-of-the-art commercial products. We are a certified Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business in the Baltimore/Washington area, and we are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.  Key words: Full Clearance, Fort Meade, SDVOSB, Service-disabled veteran owned small business, DoD, UEE, 78
About the role: As a Data Engineer for TQL, you’ll be joining the team that is responsible for data integration, data collection and data science for one of the largest freight brokerage firms in the nation. Our Engineers construct, install, test and maintain highly scalable, state-of-the-art data management systems. This opportunity gives you the chance to work alongside some of the leading Data Engineers in the logistics industry as your grow you career and engineering skills. What’s in it for you: Competitive compensation, benefits package and company perks Paid relocation to Cincinnati, OH Advancement opportunities with aggressive and structure career paths TQL's IT Team offers a hybrid work environment with the ability to work remotely 8 days per month Access to the latest emerging technologies Reimbursement for continuous education and technical training We win wherever we go - Voted a 2019 and 2020 Computerworld Best Places to Work in IT What you’ll be doing: Assist in developing large-scale data structures and pipelines to ingest, move, transform and integrate data to help generate insights and meet reporting needs Build cubes, data marts and data models to support internal and external customers Document requirements and translate into proper system specifications Execute and coordinate requirements management and change management processes Support the maintenance of an on-premise Enterprise Data Warehouse Lead portions of initiatives of limited scope, with guidance and direction to level I Data Engineers What you need: Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, Statistics, or related 1-3 years of experience with SQL Server (Versions – 2012, 2016 or 2017) 1+ year of experience in T-SQL and be able to write complex logic using SQL as part of ETL, and use SQL effectively to perform complex data analysis and discovery 1+ years of experience developing solutions in Microsoft Azure 1+ years of development experience in Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) or other ETL delivery solutions 1+ years of experience building reports with SSRS Demonstrate strong organization skills and must be detail-oriented Experience in multiple programming languages (R, Java, Python, etc.) Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced, changing environment Ability to self-motivate and meet deadlines Intense desire to learn  Total Quality Logistics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status.   If you are unable to apply online due to a disability, contact recruiting at recruiting@tql.com.
Summary Posted: Jul 29, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200220694 Want to join the team building an intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done? You will be part of a cross-functional team consisting of software engineers and data scientist building tools to enable research and deliver machine learned models to millions of users worldwide. Key Qualifications Experience with large distributed systems (Spark, Kubernetes, Hadoop) Experience with large-scale data processing Strong coding skills in Python, C/C++, or Java Experience with software engineering best practices Knowledge of Machine Learning concepts and toolkits Hard working and detail oriented individual who will have a profound impact in making Siri better every single day Description You will be a part of a team that's responsible for a wide variety of speech-related development activities, including acoustic modeling, language modeling and tools development. Our speech recognition research is typically data driven, and we are particularly passionate about unsupervised techniques to leverage large quantities of data. You should be passionate about building phenomenal products. Because you'll be working closely with researchers and engineers from a number of other teams at Apple, you’re a standout colleague who thrives in a multifaceted environment with rapidly changing priorities. Education & Experience BS, MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent degree with applicable experience
Work with Retail, Manufacturing, Pharmaceuticals, Financial Services organizations to understand business requirements to develop analytical models using techniques such as optimization, statistics and data mining models to achieve business growth and efficiencies utilizing Big Data and Analytics Conduct creative inquiry and analysis to support research projects related to data, datasets, and data mining and optimization applications using modeling and data management tools and visualization tools Support definition of solution and analytical methodology to address key client business issues Document and provide input to the design recommendations Collaborate with data producers and repository contributors to develop cost effective and efficient strategies and reliable data streams for managing data Develop dashboards using reporting technologies to develop automated system for on-going business operations Adhere to implementation guidelines and quality control procedures for projects  Master’s degree (or equivalent) in Data Science, Operations Research, Analytics, or closely related field of study. Experience in the following skills: Developing code analytical models using Python, SAS or R Visualization tools such as SAS, Tableau, Qlik or Excel VBA Developing dashboards and other reports to provide insights and summary view of data and analytical models Developing analytical models specific to the retail, financial services, pharmaceutical and other industries Developing data management or ETL code in SAS, SQL, Python or similar tools in order to prepare, filter and transform source data so that it can be used as input for fitting analytical models Writing complex SQL queries to efficiently retrieve data from relational databases such as Teradata, Oracle or SQL server Developing analytical solutions using data mining techniques such as segmentation/clustering on large databases using SAS, R or Python; and Designing methodologies for customer targeting for marketing analytics initiatives Have a passion for customer success. Strong verbal and written communication skills both technical and non-technical audiences Travel Travel nationally/internationally per client needs, typically up to 25%. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information.
Human Resources Analysts provide workforce metrics, reports, and analysis to broaden leadership understanding of the workforce and help inform their decision-making.  Full time Starting salary: $70,150 - $127,885*  Higher starting salary possible depending on experience level  Bachelor’s degree  About the Job  As a Human Resources (HR) Analyst CIA, you’ll contribute to the Agency mission at every level by providing workforce metrics, reports, and analysis to broaden senior leadership and management’s understanding of the workforce and inform their decision-making. Analysts go beyond structuring data and descriptive reporting to produce highly analytic, actionable assessments, and apply data visualization methodologies and software. You will also play a critical role in strengthening HR’s strategic business partnerships by collaborating with customers and serving as workforce analytics and strategy experts.  Who You’ll Work With  At the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), we recognize our Nation’s strength comes from the diversity of its people. People from a broad range of backgrounds and viewpoints work at CIA, and our diverse teams are the reason we can keep our country safe.  Read more about diversity and inclusion  What You’ll Get  Our benefits support every aspect of a working professional’s life, including health and wellness, time off, family, finances, and continuing education. Our programs include highly sought-after government health benefits, flexible schedules, sick leave, and childcare. In some cases, we also offer sign-on incentives and cover moving expenses if you relocate.  As a CIA employee, you’ll also get the satisfaction of knowing your work is part of something bigger than yourself. Our work is driven by one mission: to keep our Nation safe. Every day is an opportunity to enhance U.S. national security.  Learn more about working at CIA  Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in one of the following fields or related studies with emphasis on statistical analysis: Business Administration Psychology Human Resources Statistics Behavioral Data Science Mathematics Economics Computer Science Social Science Physical Science or relevant field Experience working with HR data and analytics At least a 3.0 GPA on a 4-point scale Strong analytic and problem-solving skills Ability to apply information maintained in HR systems to address organizational issues and questions Ability to analyze workforce data and identify relationships between and among datasets and draw conclusions about the data Ability to write clearly and concisely Ability to develop and deliver briefings on complex or sensitive issues to managerial level audiences Exceptional customer service skills Excellent organizational and time management skills, including the ability to multi-task and prioritize to meet business deadlines Strong attention to detail Ability to work both independently and on teams Ability to meet the minimum requirements for joining CIA, including U.S. citizenship and a background investigation Desired Qualifications  Experience in one or more of the following areas: Human Resources processes and data Data analysis, research methods and ability to prepare analytic reports Project management Quantitative and qualitative analysis Data visualization Interpreting, presenting and explaining data Working with large data sets and analyzing data from various sources Familiarity with analytic tools and languages such as: SPSS, Tableau or other relational databases, Cognos, SQL, Python, R and Excel What You’ll Need to Apply Resume Unofficial transcripts for all degrees Cover letter in which you specify your qualifications for this position. Please address why you want to work in this role and what differentiates you from other applicants.
WHO WE ARE: Talend, a leader in data integration and data integrity, is changing the way the world makes decisions. Talend Data Fabric is the only platform that seamlessly combines an extensive range of data integration and governance capabilities to actively manage the health of corporate information. This unified approach is unique and essential to delivering complete, clean, and uncompromised data in real-time to all. Over 6,500 customers have chosen Talend to run their businesses on healthy data. Talend is consistently recognized as a leader in its field by Forrester and Gartner.  We pride ourselves in our values of Passion, Agility, Team Spirit, and Integrity. Every one of our 1,400 employees brings a certain je ne sais quoi that makes Talend special. WHAT YOU'LL DO Your work in the Lab will be to use your ML skills to design models for various topics that may range from Auto-ML to time series forecasting, recommendation, classification, etc. Your work will consist of designing and building models that will help our customers simplify and accelerate their data management and data processing with intelligent tools doing most of their work automatically. Part of the work will apply to metadata about customers' Talend platform usage and will require good domain knowledge for building ML-based solutions.  Another part of the work will apply directly to our customers' data without knowing their data in advance. In this case, auto-ML like technics and federated learning technics might be required because direct access to customers data is not possible. You'll work with architects so that the solutions can fit in Talend's infrastructure and scale to serve our thousands of customers.  As a data scientist you’ll be responsible for the machine learning models powering these features. You’ll work with product managers and users to refine the requirements for the models, other data scientists to develop and test the models, and software engineers to train and run the models at scale in our production environment. For each solution, you'll be responsible with the Intelligent Services team for the design of the monitoring system of the models, and for solutions to automatically upgrade the models.  Our data science environments are currently based on Databricks and Kubernetes in AWS, but we might also use managed ML services of Amazon. You’ll be part of the team that determines what tools and technologies to use depending on the use case. In the next year we expect to:Release significant enhancements to our automated anomaly detection based on Bayesian networks technics.Develop data fingerprinting models to inform users about duplicated and related data.Help users get more value from their data faster with data modeling and analysis recommendations. WHAT YOU'LL NEED Skills: Fluent in Python Good knowledge of several ML libraries Knowledge in these technologies is a plus: Docker and Kubernetes AWS Services Databricks MLFlow AND NOW, A LITTLE ABOUT US: Talend has received some pretty impressive accolades along the way: CEO named a 2020 Top Diverse Leader by the National Diversity Council5th consecutive year named a Leader for Data Integration Tools in the Gartner Magic Quadrant 20203rd consecutive year named as a Leader for Data Quality Solutions in Gartner Magic Quadrant 2020Recognized as a Challenger for Enterprise Integration Platform as a Service (iPaaS) in Gartner Magic Quadrant 2020"2018 Best Public Cloud Computing Companies To Work For" by GlassdoorNamed Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Data FabricRanked in the DBTA “100 Companies that Matter Most in Data”Listed in the CRN Big Data 100 Companies  We are passionate about helping companies become more data driven; and, if we can be honest, we are all geeks at heart who pride ourselves on the vibrant company culture that we have built. As a global employer, Talend believes our success depends on diversity, inclusion and mutual respect among our team members. We want to look like our customers, and we recruit, develop and retain the most hardworking people from a diverse candidate pool. We are committed to making all employment decisions on the basis of business need, merit, capability and equality of opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Futures Sport + Entertainment (FS+E), is a global sports data, technology and analytics consulting company.  Founded in 2002, Futures brings unique, proprietary software and insights to the global sports and entertainment industries. We're a commercially-minded consultancy that thrives on providing many of the world's most famous rights holders, teams, and sponsors with data-driven strategies to support their top business objectives.  We work on projects covering some of the world's most prominent and powerful players in sports and entertainment, and our projects have stretched to all corners of the globe, ranging from college basketball to eSports to the NFL.  We aim to continuously find better ways of measuring the commercial aspects of sports business. Delivering unique insight to our clients. Futures is technology and data-driven, having developed unique measurement tools and techniques to provide clients with robust analyses. Our culture is one of continuous improvement. We are constantly looking for ways to improve the quality of data in sport and extend the analysis that we deliver to clients. We deliver extraordinary client servicing and provide unrivalled commercial insights by listening carefully to our clients' needs.  Junior Analyst  Do you want to work with leaders of U.S.-based projects on media and sponsorship analytics? Do you want to work hand-in-hand with Futures' top-tier analysts on these projects that assist professional teams, league offices, and Fortune 500 brands? As they seek to optimize sponsorships, better understand cross-platform media consumption and global growth? If that sounds interesting to you, read on!  This role pivotal to our team, requiring you to demonstrate your analytical skills, creativity in problem-solving and ability to work effectively as part of a team. We're ready to take on the world of sports insights, are you coming with us?  Key Responsibilities  Lead, analyze and interpret complex datasets Interpret data to deliver bespoke commercial insight to our clients Structure and deliver analysis Chip in to writing and preparing client reports and presentations Immerse yourself in the world of sport, data and business to contribute to the team and our clients From day one, you will gain exposure to senior members of the team and high profile clients to deliver solutions and help in the development of our research software and tools  Who We Are Looking For  1-2 years of meaningful work experience or recent graduate with a professional or equivalent degree in a relevant field of study (such as computer science, natural sciences, engineering, mathematics or economics) An analytical and strategic thinker who has a business mind and a real passion for sports and entertainment A self-starter who has meticulous attention to detail and an ability to work to challenging deadlines Knowledge of sports and/or media business landscape desirable Experience handling multiple projects simultaneously, while working as both part of a team and independently Comfortable taking initiative and leading individual work streams independently, with minimal direction Excellent quantitative skills, including advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills Experience with coding and data science software desirable e.g. SQL, VBA, R, SPSS, Python  FS&E is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status, or any other basis as prohibited by law.  #LI-MS1 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodation@ipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.
In this role you will leverage advanced machine learning methods including deep learning to solve important, company-wide R&D challenges. As the machine learning expert you will collaborate with scientists and engineers to deliver solutions and tools which will improve the lives of our consumers. Qualifications A PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field. Extensive knowledge and experience with advanced machine learning methods including deep learning. Experience with deep learning applications including computer vision, natural language processing or other. Strong Python coding skills. Fluent with TensorFlow or PyTorch and related tools. Strong interpersonal communications skills. Experience with GANs a plus. What we offer:  Responsibilities as of Day 1 - you will feel the ownership of your project from the beginning, and you will be given specific projects and responsibilities. Continuous mentorship - you will work with passionate people and receive both formal training as well as day-to-day mentoring from your manager. Work and be part of a dynamic and encouraging environment - working over a diverse array of interesting problems. Promote agility and work/life balance for employees, we value every individual and support initiatives. Experience true support for work/life effectiveness and your long-term well-being. Get a competitive salary and benefits' package. About us  We produce globally recognized brands, and we grow the best business leaders in the industry. With a portfolio of trusted brands as diverse as ours, it is paramount our leaders are able to lead with courage the vast array of brands, categories and functions. We serve consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ariel®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Herbal Essences®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, Tampax® and more. Our community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Visit http://www.pg.com to know more. Our consumers are diverse and our talents - internally - mirror this diversity to best serve it. That is why we're committed to building a winning culture based on Inclusion and our ideal candidate is passionate about the same principle: you will join our daily effort of being "in touch" so we craft brands and products to improve the lives of the world's consumers now and in the future. We want you to inspire us with your unrivaled ideas. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor. Immigration sponsorship is not available for this role. As a general matter, Procter & Gamble does not sponsor candidates for nonimmigrant visas or permanent residency. However, Procter & Gamble may make exceptions on a discretionary basis. Any exceptions would be based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual. Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law. Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed. A PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field. Extensive knowledge and experience with advanced machine learning methods including deep learning. Experience with deep learning applications including computer vision, natural language processing or other. Strong Python coding skills. Fluent with TensorFlow or PyTorch and related tools. Strong interpersonal communications skills. Experience with GANs a plus. What we offer:  Responsibilities as of Day 1 - you will feel the ownership of your project from the beginning, and you will be given specific projects and responsibilities. Continuous mentorship - you will work with passionate people and receive both formal training as well as day-to-day mentoring from your manager. Work and be part of a dynamic and encouraging environment - working over a diverse array of interesting problems. Promote agility and work/life balance for employees, we value every individual and support initiatives. Experience true support for work/life effectiveness and your long-term well-being. Get a competitive salary and benefits' package. About us  We produce globally recognized brands, and we grow the best business leaders in the industry. With a portfolio of trusted brands as diverse as ours, it is paramount our leaders are able to lead with courage the vast array of brands, categories and functions. We serve consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ariel®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Herbal Essences®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, Tampax® and more. Our community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Visit http://www.pg.com to know more. Our consumers are diverse and our talents - internally - mirror this diversity to best serve it. That is why we're committed to building a winning culture based on Inclusion and our ideal candidate is passionate about the same principle: you will join our daily effort of being "in touch" so we craft brands and products to improve the lives of the world's consumers now and in the future. We want you to inspire us with your unrivaled ideas. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor. Immigration sponsorship is not available for this role. As a general matter, Procter & Gamble does not sponsor candidates for nonimmigrant visas or permanent residency. However, Procter & Gamble may make exceptions on a discretionary basis. Any exceptions would be based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual. Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law. Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed.
Description: SUBFUNCTION DEFINITION\: Nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing program and have passed a national licensing exam.   REPRESENTATIVE RESPONSIBILITIES  Compliance - Patient Services Staff Sustain a working understanding of regulatory requirements and accreditation standards. Support leadership in Compliance efforts to meet and sustain the regulatory compliance efforts of the department and hospital. Be mindful and judicious in monitoring safety and departmental policies and procedures. Ensure all individual certifications and Safety College requirements are fulfilled in a timely basis. Work with department managers, nurse council and magnet representatives to identify and share safety best practices. Be mindful of CCHMCs processes and compliance with CMS standards and freely communicate safety and compliance concerns to leadership team members. Interprofessional Practice\: Demonstrates consistent integration of the Interprofessional Practice Model (IPM) in all aspects of practice. Patient Care - Age Specific and Culturally Diverse Consistently integrates age specific and culturally diverse concepts into patient care, taking into consideration both the patient's chronological age and developmental functioning. Clinical judgment when performing caring practices Collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols. Matches formal knowledge with clinical events to make appropriate decisions; uses available resources as needed. Documents plan of care, care delivered, and patient and family outcomes. Focuses on the usual and customary needs of the patient and family; anticipates future needs; bases care on standards and protocols; maintains a safe physical environment; acknowledges death as a potential outcome. Consistently integrates age specific concepts into patient care, taking into consideration both the patient's chronological age and developmental functioning. Using self-management support, develops care goals and actions through partnerships with patients and families. Facilitates patient and family learning by providing structured education based on the plan of care goals, and the needs of the patient and family; uses teach back to evaluate effectiveness. Uses systems thinking Sees the pieces or components; sees patient and family within the isolated environment of the unit; sees self as key resource to support the family through the healthcare experience through care coordination. Sustains a working understanding of regulatory requirements and accreditation standards. Supports leadership in efforts to meet and sustain the regulatory compliance efforts of the department and hospital. Monitors and complies with safety and departmental policies and procedures. Ensures individual certifications and Safety College requirements are fulfilled in a timely basis. Is mindful of CCHMCs processes and compliance with CMS standards and freely communicates safety and compliance concerns to leadership team members. Clinical inquiry & performance review to improve practice Follows standards and guidelines; implements clinical changes and research-based practices developed by others; recognizes the need for further learning to improve patient care; recognizes routine or obvious changing patient situation (e.g., deterioration, crisis); in unusual care situations, seeks help when needed to identify patient problem. Uses self-appraisal performance review and peer review, including annual goal setting, for assurance of competence and professional development to promote safe and ethical practice using the nursing process. Demonstrates openness to coaching and mentoring from others. Facilitates learning by assisting with peer and student learning experiences. Works with department managers, nurse council and magnet representatives to identify, share, implement and evaluate safety best practices. Exhibits advocacy, moral agency and response to diversity Works on behalf of patient and family; assesses personal values; aware of ethical conflicts/issues that may surface in clinical setting; makes ethical/moral decisions based on rules; represents patient when patient cannot represent self; aware of patients' rights. Assesses cultural diversity. Recognizes the potential impact of culture on the patient/family experience, and incorporates culturally diverse concepts into patient care. Collaborates with team using shared decision making Is receptive to the contributions of the interdisciplinary team in team meetings and discussion regarding patient issues. Participates in shared governance at the point-of-care as a member of unit-based councils or by demonstrating awareness and contributing to shared decision making (reading minutes, giving feedback and implementing council decisions).  Qualification: EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE  Required\:BSN from ACEN or CCNE accredited institution or MSN Associate/Diploma prepared RNs from ACEN or CCNE accredited institution with 2 years exp. If hired as an external candidate without BSN or MSN, must enroll in a BSN or MSN program within 1 year of hire date and complete program within 5 years of hire date Other state licensure may be required for specific positions H-1B visa sponsorship is not available  Preferred\: BSN from ACEN or CCNE accredited institution or MSN  Unique Skills\:  Development Knowledge of growth and development Family-centered care Understands and support family-centered care Clinical Knowledge Professional knowledge and clinical ability sufficient to provide quality care Diversity Appreciation Understanding and showing respect and appreciation for the uniqueness of all individuals; leveraging differences in others' perspectives and ideas; appreciating cultural differences and adjusting one's approach to successfully integrate with others who are different from oneself Self-development Persistently seeking feedback from others as well as opportunities to update and master job-relevant knowledge; volunteering for training and development opportunities; changing behavior in response to feedback and experience Emotional Resilience Remaining composed and calm when faced with setbacks, disappointments, rejection, crises, stress or pressure; readily putting aside concerns to get the job done; taking a problem solving rather than an emotional approach when faced with a difficult situation; being even-tempered and non-defensive Self-Awareness Accurately identifying one's strengths and weaknesses; using this knowledge to identify necessary resources Communication Excellent verbal, written and/or interpersonal communication skills Physical Capability Capable of bending, lifting (up to 110 lbs) and standing; demonstrate physical ability to perform necessary tasks.
Introduction As an Associate Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.  Your Role and Responsibilities Work you could do as an Associate Data Scientist: Implement and validate predictive and prescriptive models, create and maintain statistical models with a focus on big data. Incorporate a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques in your projects. Write programs to cleanse and integrate data in an efficient and reusable manner. Use leading edge and open-source tools such as Python, R, and TensorFlow, combined with IBM tools and our AI application suites. Work in an Agile, collaborative environment, partnering with other scientists, engineers, consultants and database administrators of all backgrounds and disciplines to bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of predicting behaviors. Communicate with internal and external clients to understand and define business needs and appropriate modelling techniques to provide analytical solutions. Evaluate modelling results and communicate the results to technical and non-technical audiences. Locations: Atlanta, GA Cambridge, MA Chicago, IL Dallas, TX Houston, TX New York, NY San Francisco, CA Washington DC  Required Technical and Professional Expertise  Ability to look at things differently, debug, troubleshoot, design and implement solutions to complex technical issues. Strong technical and analytical abilities, a knack for driving impact and growth, and experience with a programming/scripting in a language such as Java or Python. Basic understanding of statistical programming in a language such as R, Python, or SAS, SPSS, MATLAB. Basic understanding of Cloud (AWS, Azure, etc.). Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Work or internship experience using data science tools in a corporate environment. Interest in, understanding of, or experience with Design Thinking and Agile Development Methodologies. Willingness to travel up to 100% of the time. Preferred Majors: Computer Science, Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Cognitive Science, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Operations Research, Engineering  Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise N/A About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.  Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.  Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.  It's time to define your career.  About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.  Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:   12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.  IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.  Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Description:  Overall Position Purpose: This position provides psychometric and statistical services for Inteleos certification examination programs. The primary responsibilities shall include performing psychometric and statistical analyses using software such as R, and WINSTEPS, as well as generating both routine and ad hoc psychometric outputs, analyses, and reports. The Statistical Data Analyst will work under the general guidance of the Director of Psychometric Services. Core ResponsibilitiesPerform both routine and ad hoc psychometric and statistical analyses for Inteleos;Develop, modify, and continually evaluate scripted, statistical procedures concerning critical exam data;Verify that all test scores are accurate and published in a timely manner;Assist subject-matter expert group facilitation through the psychometric processes in developing valid and defensible passing standards and content outlines;Work with Testing staff and volunteers to ensure test development processes are followed and understood;Identify and propose improvements to both psychometric and quality management procedures;Construct exam forms using psychometric processes while coordinating with Testing Department staff;Provide quality control for all vital exam statistics and test-taker data; andMaintain and follow processes/procedures as required by ANSI for organizational accreditation. . Requirements:  Required Education/ExperienceMaster’s Degree or equivalent in statistics, measurement and testing, industrial/organizational psychology or a related field; andAt least one year of applied experience in a related field Required Qualifications/ SkillsAbility to identify and propose testing process improvementsPublic speaking and meeting facilitation skillsAbility to both see big picture and be highly detail orientedDemonstrated experience in classical test theory and statistical data analysesDemonstrated experience in experimental design and conducting applied testing researchStrong interpersonal skills with ability to interact effectively, efficiently, and professionally with individuals at all levels of the organizationDemonstrated skill in writing concise, logical and grammatically correct letters and reportsProven ability to work in a team environmentAbility to maintain positive attitude under stressful conditionsStrong organizational communication and collaborative skillsHigh level computer literacy, with extensive skills in running and interpreting RGeneral knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite Inteleos AttributesAccountable – taking ownership of your work and delivers results. Being responsible for your actions.Collegial – being helpful, respectful, approachable and team oriented. Building strong working relationships and a positive work environment. Consider the thoughts and opinions of others.Ethical/Integrity– employee is honest and trustworthy when working with colleagues, volunteers, and other stakeholders. Lead by example.Committed to: o Creating the global standard of excellence in healthcare and patient safety o Excellence – Strive to excel in everything you do. o Quality – Taking the initiative, extra time, care and vigilance to get the job done right. o Continuous LearningHave a Positive “Can-do” Attitude-being ready, available and willing to get the job done and done well. Supervisory EnvironmentWorks under general supervision with broadly defined work objectives.Makes decisions of some complexity regarding work design, projects, etc. which regularly impact the next organizational layer and may impact an organizational function.Work projects and products are subject to management review for content, quality and appropriateness. Makes decisions of some complexity regarding work design, projects, etc., which regularly impact the next organizational layer and may impact an organizational function.Incumbent generally has no formal supervisory responsibility, though they may provide regular work direction to other employees. Work Environment The incumbent will work at a desk in an office environment or an approved remote location. Travel and evening and weekend work will be required. There are minimal requirements to lift or move equipment. This description is intended to provide an overview of the responsibilities of the position. It is not all-inclusive and an incumbent in the position will be expected to perform other duties as required. The responsibilities may change over time. This description is provided for informational purposes only and does not form the basis of a contract.
Role: Entry level Data Analytics or ETL Developer ( Only independent visa holders )  Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.   Please note, this role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*  Practice - AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics  About AI & Analytics: Artificial intelligence (AI) and the data it collects and analyzes will soon sit at the core of all intelligent, human-centric businesses. By decoding customer needs, preferences, and behaviors, our clients can understand exactly what services, products, and experiences their consumers need. Within AI & Analytics, we work to design the future—a future in which trial-and-error business decisions have been replaced by informed choices and data-supported strategies.  By applying AI and data science, we help leading companies to prototype, refine, validate, and scale their AI and analytics products and delivery models. Cognizant’s AIA practice takes insights that are buried in data, and provides businesses a clear way to transform how they source, interpret and consume their information. Our clients need flexible data structures and a streamlined data architecture that quickly turns data resources into informative, meaningful intelligence.  Role/Required Qualifications: Basic knowledge to intermediate knowledge in SQL skill  Data integration knowledge (ETL), basic programming skills (Python, Scala)  Candidates should have good attitude to learn new technology  Good problem-solving skills  Mandated to take AWS Certification after training. Cognizant will bear the certification cost  Open for relocation post pandemic  Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.  Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 29 2021  About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information.
Avail is a car sharing service to help people get where they want to go–whether that’s to run errands, take an unforgettable road trip, or explore a new city–while helping locals earn cash from their unused cars. We are passionate about making shared transportation safe, simple, and affordable, and redefining what it means to own a car. We’ve assembled some of the sharpest folks from across industries to compete against the antiquated system of traditional car rental. We put ideas into action and learn along the way in an open, collaborative work environment. As a part of Avail, you’ll make a direct impact and help build a business from the ground up. No matter where you’ve been, we’re always looking for fresh thinking and new perspectives. Job Summary As a car-sharing marketplace, Avail has great opportunities in the space of revenue management - the science of managing supply and demand through the setting of prices and inventory in order to maximize market efficiency. To address challenges in this space, the Avail Data Team is looking for a Data Scientist with a background in Operations Research or Econometric Optimization. The techniques developed by this role will be directly productionized into the Avail system for critical functions such as solving for the right supply/demand balance in the peer-to-peer marketplace; differential pricing and market segmentation; inventory management and optimal borrower-to-owner allocations. This position can be based in either of two Avail HQ offices at San Francisco or Chicago, or fully remote with semi-regular travel to SF HQ. Key Responsibilities Work with the Avail corpus of vehicle sharing data, and identify external data sets that are appropriate and useful for solving Avail’s revenue management challenges Investigate and provide solutions for challenges in Avail’s revenue management and operations research, including optimal inventory allocations, pricing, balancing risk and revenue, demand and supply forecasting, and other such quantitative problems Work with the data engineering team to productionize and validate optimization algorithms and heuristics developed in R&D Builds & evolves vision and strategy of using machine learning/predictive modeling, optimization and data within their area of responsibility Builds alignment for vision and strategy with business and technology stakeholders, fostering relationships and engaging resources across departments Serves as subject matter expert and consultant on data and analytics related issues inside and outside the department Effectively understands the business problems, requirements, and context in communicating findings to ensure solutions are well understood and incorporated into business processes Determines optimal program organization and delivery approach, assists in managing budget, coordinating resources and oversees development of integrated project plans Leads managers and builds and develops team dedicated to executing analytics initiatives Supervisory Responsibilities: This job does have supervisory duties Job Qualifications Education and Experience PhD or equivalent industry experience in Operations Research, Optimization, or Econometrics Prior experience in translating academic solutions from the lab into practical systems solving real world business challenges Functional Skills Demonstrated ability to deeply understand business operations, in order to effectively ascertain data and analytics opportunities and growth areas. Proven ability to understand and formalize constraints and goals in new and unique business domains Extensive experience in leading teams and cross functional projects across data, analytics, technology and business Proven ability to manage teams overseeing machine learning, artificial intelligence, and predictive modeling development. Proven knowledge of advanced techniques, and when and where to apply them. Proven knowledge of ability to execute these statistical techniques in modern development environments Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms, data, and complex strategies. Ability to present this to others with different levels of expertise. Ability to concentrate on a wide range of loosely defined complex situations, which require application of creativity and originality, where guidance and counsel may be unavailable Ability to thrive in a fast paced and dynamic remote work environment  Compensation Data Compensation range for this position is $112,800 - $196,800 per year, based on experience and qualifications. That’s the day to day, here’s the bigger picture. Avail was founded by The Allstate Corporation in 2018. But you’ll be working for (and at) Avail. Our work environment blends the ingenuity and flexibility of a startup with the scale and strengths of a Fortune 100 company. Perks include a generous PTO policy, flexible working options, and a focus on leadership, wellness, and culture. We also offer 401k, health insurance, and other employment benefits for your future. See a job you love? We encourage you to apply, even if your experience isn’t a perfect match. Learn more about life at Avail. Connect with us on Instagram and LinkedIn. We generally do not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.  For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.  To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs  To view the FMLA poster, click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.  It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment.
WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others.  The Job  The Sr. Analyst, Global Data Portfolio & Analysis role will support the Manager, Data Operations for the HBO Max Data Insights and Operations (DI&O) team. As a Sr. Analyst, you will be responsible for day-to-day operations and financials to support the team’s initiatives and goals for both the US market and the international data teams.   The Daily Project management of various initiatives across the team Review and drive culture and growth initiatives around diversity, inclusion, equity Support and execute technical write ups around the strategy, governance and operations Coordinate with HR team and other stakeholders, to include routine reporting and response to requests Liaise with Finance, HR, Procurement and Technology teams Ability, from a business and data perspective, to understand how first party data can be connected to third party data towards a strategic end point Create and maintain portfolio of offerings in data and objectives along with lineage of first party data Develop new reports and analyses, along with insights and deliverables, to better support the business Partner with key stakeholders to improve and redesign and document controls to decrease manual efforts Analyze existing control processes in order to propose optimization and process improvement opportunities Transform ambiguous practices into repeatable, sustainable and scalable solutions Document requirements and assist in building out stakeholder friendly documentation Communicate status and schedules and manage risks and dependencies Execution of special projects on an as-needed basis The Essentials Bachelor's Degree required Knowledge of market research, data science methodology and trends based work Strong knowledge of consumer insights across a broad array of methodologies with demonstrated ability to translate research findings, information and data into actionable insights and recommendations. Desire and aptitude to learn and grow within the “data as an asset” mantra Ability to work autonomously and prioritize multiple projects Superior problem-solving skills with the willingness to seek out multiple solutions to technical and operational problems Proficient in analyzing qualitative data Ability to build relationships and work well across functions Ability to work independently, as well as with a team Ability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously with strong organizational skills, in a fast-paced, complex environment Communicate effectively at all levels and across all audiences; synthesizing complex issues and analysis to support decision making Proficient in MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Power Point, etc.)  The Perks  Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screeningsPaid time off every year to volunteer for eligible employeesAccess to well-being tools, resources, and freebiesAccess to in-house learning and development resourcesPart of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
Description  POSITION TITLE: RESEARCH FELLOW-Data/Technology  DEPARTMENT: Varies  SUPERVISOR'S TITLE: Faculty  TITLES SUPERVISED: Research Assistants; Data Analysts; Biostatisticians  TOTAL NUMBER OF FTE's DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY SUPERVISED: 0-4  PURPOSE OF POSITION: The Division of Biomedical Informatics at Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center (CCHMC) invites candidates to join our digital health initiative: the Design, Analytics, Integration (dAIn) program. The candidates will work closely with clinical investigators across the CCHMC and the University of Cincinnati to co-develop computational and technology solutions for improving the lives of children and adults. Candidates will be supervised by the program lead (Dr. Yizhao Ni). He/she will collaborate with other research staff, application developers, and IT technicians within a dynamic, fast paced research environment. Candidates should expect to conduct multiple machine learning and NLP-focused projects and contribute to decision tools, applied patient safety and health care quality improvement efforts.   Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center is a premier pediatric research institution with over 900 diverse and productive faculty members. Here, researchers work collaboratively across specialties and divisions to address some of the biggest challenges we face today in improving child health. A strong network of research support services and facilities, along with institutional commitment to research, push our team of faculty, postdocs and support staff to explore the boundaries of what is possible, leading to significant breakthroughs. We are driven by our mission to improve child health and transform the delivery of care through fully integrated, globally recognized research, education and innovation.  Post-doctoral research fellows at Cincinnati Children's are valued for their unique interests and strengths, and are supported by our institution's strong programming for post-docs through the Office of Postdoctoral Affairs and the Office of Academic Affairs and Career Development. Mentoring, support for international students and an emphasis on crafting high-quality grant proposals are only a few of the features that set our program apart. Cincinnati Children's is a respected part of the broader, and very vibrant, Cincinnati community. With a thriving arts scene, numerous festivals celebrating music and food, a passionate fan following for our college and professional sports teams, and a variety of opportunities for outdoor activities, our region is truly a great place to work and live.  REPRESENTATIVE RESPONSIBILITIES  Perform analysis and experiments Design, execute, and record analysis and experiments; apply standard scientific protocols to research, and improve current methods and evaluate innovative techniques. Develop and implement human subject research protocols, vertebrate animal research protocols and design experimental procedures and documentation in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Prepare, clean and analyze data. Maintain optimal protocol and accuracy by conducting regular quality and reproducibility checks.  Communicate results/findings Draft, write, and edit scientific reports, papers, journal articles, and abstracts. Present information on research and department work to others at department meetings, journal clubs, and seminars. Present results and discuss relevant insights with Faculty and provide useful recommendations and analysis.  Innovate and advance departmental capabilities Independently reproduce, evaluate, research, and improve techniques currently used. Adapt new methods to existing procedures and modify current analysis/experiments through scientific knowledge and intuition. Maintain accurate and detailed records of all analysis and experiments. Develop, set-up, and verify new procedures in the department. Standardize and establish new published procedures; evaluate innovative techniques. Develop new protocols; design formats. Maintain an integral role in the department's meetings, presentations, and publications. Troubleshoot and correct erroneous results or problems with department software/equipment. Maintain and repair software/equipment; monitor proper use by personnel.  Financial/Budgeting Assist in preparing grant applications. Assist in preparing, writing, and maintaining fiscal budget. Monitor expenditures and prepare capital expenditure requests. Prepare, approve, and initiate check requests; track funding, maintain accurate balance, and resolve any discrepancies.  Staff Leadership May provide day-to-day functional leadership for a team or directly manage a minimal number of support staff. Establishes team goals. Gives input into, and performs employee performance reviews. Oversees and guides work assignments. Serves as the functional expert and provides guidance to the team.  Education and Training May serve as course master and develop new courses at the undergraduate and graduate level, including appropriate plans for evaluating student performance; may deliver lectures as a guest lecturer in courses organized by other faculty. Assist in the training of new employees. Serve as a resource and/or mentor to coworkers. Assist in the development and presentation of department training. Identify training needs and provide necessary coaching.   Qualifications  EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE  Required:  Ph.D. in related discipline, MD, or equivalent degree  Preferred: Qualified candidates for the position have earned a PhD in biomedical informatics, computer science, artificial intelligence, computational linguistics or a closely related field. Research and work experience with Machine Learning and/or Deep Learning is a requirement, and Natural Language Processing (NLP) is preferred. The successful candidate will have excellent command of both written and oral English, strong programming skills, and familiarity with Linux + (Java or Python) + (R or Matlab) for programming. Experience of parallel computing (e.g., with GPU) and familiarity with clinical NLP are preferred. Candidates with first author peer reviewed journal publications are preferred.  PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Biomedical Informatics, Bioinformatics, Epidemiology, Biostatistics or other similar quantitative disciplinesExperience in a related disipline  Unique Skills:  Scientific Writing Strong scientific writing abilities  Programming - Basic Working knowledge of computer programming  Organization Strong organizational and project management skills to handle projects independently.  Time Management Prioritization and time-management skills sufficient to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment  Analysis Strong analytical skills with the ability to make judgments and recommendations based on statistical analysis  Statistics - Intermediate Familiarity with statistical software, statistical techniques, statistical process control principles, and graphical data display  Research Methods Skills Designing and conducting effective research studies that address measurement, data collection, and validity issues; identifying or developing appropriate, accurate, relevant, and reliable measurement methods; drawing appropriate conclusions from study results  Communication - Advanced Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills.
Company Background Healthmap Solutions is the future of specialty health management, that focuses on progressive diseases, with a particular expertise in kidney health populations. Healthmap uses clinical big data resources and high-powered analytics to power complex specialty health management programs. Healthmap Solutions is a diverse, growing company committed to our clients and our employees. We are champions for better health, for those who need us most. Position Summary The reporting analyst will be responsible for supporting Healthmap’s sales, product, operational, and performance initiatives through cross-functional collaboration, requirement research, report development and analytics. This individual will address specific plans through report execution. The analyst will work with business partners and utilize a variety of tools and techniques to produce client and/or operational reports. The reporting analyst, like all Data Science teammates, is expected to have personal experience with data analytics. This individual should strive to have a thorough and current understanding of client and company data. Responsibilities Manages requirements and execution of reports for client and/or internal end-users Documents and maintains methodology for analyses, design, data definitions, and development Collaborates with subject matter experts to ensure validity in assumptions Understands proper report design and applies appropriately to best meet goals and requirements Creates and maintains appropriate templates to best address end-user needs or initiatives Collaborates with sales/account management, operations and the reporting teams to collect requirements and/or escalate incomplete requirements to department leadership Performs functions related to problem definition, data collection, interpretation and analysis, visualization, and communication of results and recommendations Maintains a working knowledge of healthcare coding and analytics techniques Manages personal time appropriately to deliver results Identifies and reconciles roadblocks to success; shares innovative solutions with the team Works with various cross-functional teams including sales, product development, clinical, and care services Requires HIPAA understanding and complete confidentiality protocols: Associate must demonstrate understanding and sign confidentiality documents Employee is expected to comply with HIPAA privacy laws and all other federal, state, and local regulations Report suspected or detected security events via company provided communication channels Follow all company-defined operational policies and procedures Protect and maintain confidentiality of company and customer information, policies, and processes The responsibilities listed are a general overview; other responsibilities may be assigned Perform other related duties as assigned Requirements Bachelor’s degree in business, mathematics, statistics, economics, or similar background 1-3 years’ work experience in health care analytics required Experience with SQL required Experience with Tableau strongly preferred Strong experience with Excel Ability to translate broad requirements into data analysis Per Healthmap’s HR Security Policy, this position is considered HY (high risk for PHI and may require additional training/screening) Skills Excellent problem-solving abilities, critical thinking, strong quantitative capabilities, team contributor Oral and written communication, often adapted to non-analytical audiences Self-starter mentality: ability to take an idea from research to presentation Good project management, time management and organizational skills Motivation towards department and company goals An interest in and desire to learn about the constantly evolving population health industry #CB
Raleigh-Durham Data Science Expert Jobs  The new school year is almost here. With summer learning loss being a bigger problem than ever before, the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science experts nationally and in Raleigh-Durham. As an expert who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money and choose your own schedule while making a fundamental difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid up to 2x per week. Teach as much or as little as you want. Share your knowledge with large groups of students. Instruct online (i.e. “work remotely”) and set your own hours and schedule. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a expert:  li>You have excellent communication skills and a friendly, approachable personality. You can show subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have excellent presentation skills and are comfortable interacting with groups.  Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors and Large Group Instruction  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. Through large group instruction, experts are able to share their knowledge with hundreds of students at a time and facilitate interaction amongst the students. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right experts can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.
About Carvana  If you like disrupting the norm and are looking for a company revolutionizing an industry then you will LOVE what Carvana has done for the car buying experience. Buying a car the old fashioned way sucks and we are working hard to make it NOT suck. At Carvana, our customers can hop online to...  Search and browse our inventory of over 20,000 vehicles that we own and certify. Narrow down search results using highly intelligent filtering tools/components. View vehicle details, Carfax reports, and 360 rotating studio images for every vehicle. Secure financing in minutes using Carvana's in-house service or their own bank. Interact with GUI components to easily customize loan length, down payment, and monthly payment. Generate, upload, and eSign all documents online (no ink necessary). Schedule front door delivery or pick up at one of our Car vending machines. Trade-in their existing vehicle or just sell it to Carvana (no purchase necessary!).  For more information on Carvana and our mission, sneak a peek at our company introduction video or learn more about what it's like to work here from the people that already do.  About the team and position  We're looking for experienced software and data engineers with a passion for tackling big problems to work within our Logistics Data and Decision Science team at Carvana. Our team is responsible for developing advanced analytics solutions to optimize and solve some of the hardest logistics and supply chain problems. The team develops algorithms and systems that automate and optimize the movement of 20K+ per month vehicles cross-country and delivering right at the customer's doorsteps. Planning and scheduling the moves of these vehicles after acquisition to reconditioning facilities, and then delivering specific vehicles to specific customers is an exciting data science problem. We develop, test, and maintain near real-time algorithms and systems that continuously optimize vehicle and truck movements, delivery dates promised to customers, and availability of appointments on our website.  As an engineering leader in our team, you will help develop robust, scalable, maintainable backend, front end, and API components that are the foundation of these sophisticated algorithms. You will work with a top-caliber team of data scientists and engineers and will build software and systems that transform advanced mathematical algorithms and models to practical decision support tools in a scalable and robust fashion. You will be responsible for developing applications and systems that scale with the rapid growth of the company while having an immediate, tangible and direct impact on our customers.  What you'll be doing  Design and develop Python-based applications with the Decision Science team serving business needs in Supply Chain and Logistics. Responsibilities may include creating APIs, UIs, and data pipelines depending on experience in addition to building automation, tooling, or integrations for decision sciences. Assist with solutions for application logging, monitoring, error reporting, alerting, and related software management. Enhance platform infrastructure using technologies like Docker, Kubernetes, and Azure Cloud. Other duties as assigned.  What you should have  Motivation to learn, lead, and contribute as a team player on a variety of data and software engineering projects. 1-2 years of experience or more completing projects and creating quality software solutions. Solid programming fundamentals with preferred emphasis in Python. Ability to communicate ideas and execution plans clearly to both technical and non-technical teams.  It would be great if you also had  Full-Stack development with experience in JavaScript or creating user interfaces. Knowledge in SQL and relational database design as well as crafting performant queries. Experience with software containerization & orchestration using Docker, Kubernetes, and working with Cloud computing in AWS, Azure, or GCP. Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Information Technology, or Data Science.  What we'll offer in return  Full-Time Salary Position with a competitive salary. Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits. 401K with company match. A multitude of perks including student loan payments, discounts on vehicles, benefits for your pets, and much more. A great wellness program to keep you healthy and happy both physically and mentally. Access to opportunities to expand your skillset and share your knowledge with others across the organization. A company culture of promotions from within, with a start-up atmosphere allowing for varied and rapid career development. A seat in one of the fastest-growing companies in the country.  Other requirements  To be able to do your job at Carvana, there are some basic requirements we want to share with you.  Must be able to read, write, speak, and understand English.  Of course, we'll make any reasonable accommodations for those with disabilities to perform the essential functions of their jobs.  Legal stuff  Hiring is contingent on passing a complete background check. This role is eligible for visa sponsorship.  Carvana is an equal employment opportunity employer. All applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, protected veteran status, or genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Carvana also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories.  Please note this job description is not designed to contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
MACHINE LEARNING SCIENTIST SAN FRANCISCO, CA $160,000 - $190,000 + BENEFITS THE COMPANY This pharmaceutical startup is advancing drug discovery through artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning. As a member of the data science organization, you will utilize your experience in applying CNNs, GNNs, and the newest techniques in deep learning to drive research and development in drug discovery. THE ROLE Responsibilities will include: Using deep learning applied to a variety of datasets including real world evidence, electronic health records (EHR), genomics, and images Collaborating with scientists and engineers to advance scientific understanding and discovery Developing novel algorithms for drug discovery and conducting research on cutting edge technologies YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Your skills include: PhD in computer science, computational biology, physics, or related degrees Demonstrated experience applying machine learning techniques to healthcare data or genomic data Experience using Python, TensorFlow, Pytorch, and related deep learning and machine learning packages Start-up experience is a plus THE BENEFITS Base salary range of $160,000 - $190,000 Comprehensive healthcare, vision, and dental Fully remote, internal growth opportunities, and more! HOW TO APPLY Please email your CV to Alyssa Liew at the address .
Equivalent Experience  Top Skills' Details (FULLY REMOTE) 1. Experience with Python for ELT construction and orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow or Luigi. 2. Advanced working SQL knowledge for constructing DML/DDL based on source-to-target logic is essential 3. Experience with stream processing systems and big data tools (Spark, Kafka, Snowpipe, etc)Assist with the creation of optimal data pipeline architecture using AWS and Snowflake. Construct new data integration workflows and work with application developers to re-engineer existing ones that are based in PHP, Perl, Python, and Oracle. Assist in conceptualizing and developing the architecture that will enable real-time data streaming from a variety of sources, including ‘big data’ and semi-structured types (JSON, Parquet). Work closely with internal data analysts and stakeholders to ensure data needs are being met in the data warehouse and any technical issues are resolved. Ensure strict adherence to data governance and security standards, and advise on new measures. Maintain and update documentation detailing progress and test results to keep project team informed. Prepare data and configure access for analytic and data science tools such as Jaspersoft, Dataiku, Salesforce, and new products. Emphasize automation in all areas of data collection, management, and analysis with auditing for quality assurance. Knowledge Knowledge of AWS (EC2, Lambda, S3, Data pipeline services) and Snowflake is highly preferred. Oracle and Salesforce knowledge is preferred, along with any experience in the cybersecurity domain. Advanced working SQL knowledge for constructing DML/DDL based on source-to-target logic is essential. Experience with Python for ELT construction and orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow or Luigi. Experience with stream processing systems and big data tools (Spark, Kafka, Snowpipe, etc) Objective Construct the logical and physical foundation of the data strategy through data modeling and building out the initial phase of the data warehouse using standard ELT tools and procedures. An enterprise data management solution in the cloud that's fully integrated with our products, services, and tools. Considered the single source of truth for data across the organization. Data Sources Oracle, Salesforce, Jira See "Data Sources" sheet for full details. In general, transitioning existing Oracle pipelines to Snowflake and enhancing with real-time granular data. Incorporate new data sources such as SIEM and applications comprising the threat intelligence platform. Data Types Structured CSV for Oracle, Semi-structured (JSON) for Salesforce and Jira. Structured/semi-structured (JSON, Parquet). Pipeline Methods Batch loading throughout day. Leverage API for Salesforce and Jira. Batch and real-time streaming. Volume 1-2TB >250TB Tools/Software "• ETL Workflow orchestration tool such as Apache Airflow that requires basic Python coding and/or other job scheduling tools.Docker/RedisSnowflake and features such as Snowpipe that will involve SQL coding.AWS S3 as the raw data repository (data lake) and AWS services specialized for pipeline construction where needed." "Similar to Phase 1 with additon of:Streaming/Big data frameworks like Spark, KafkaOther cloud platforms (Azure, Google cloud)" Task Summary "• Incremental and historical data extracts from OracleBatch load workflow construction using orchestration tool such as Apache Airflow and leverage APIs. • Building data structures in Snowflake and creating SQL scripts based on source-to-target logic defined in the data model." "• Similar to Phase 1 with increased complexity resulting from larger data sets, new integrations, and real-time streaming requirements.Creating data marts based on user/member requirements." Deliverables "• Phase 1 data model and Snowflake Data Warehouse.DW integration with data analytic and data science tools.Standardized ETL tools and procedures w/ workflow monitoring.User and metadata management within AWS and Snowflake." "• Phase 2 data model and data warehouse.Fully optimized and automated ETL worflowsMember/Customer Direct Data AccessEmbedded Machine Learning/AIConnectivity with SIEM, TIP, and all other data applications." Skills: apache airflow, aws, etl development, Python, Sql, Data warehouse, Big data, Etl, Spark, Agile, jiraMust be able to work on W2 About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
Company Description Zayo provides mission-critical bandwidth to the world’s most impactful companies, fueling the innovations that are transforming our society. Zayo’s 133,000-mile network in North America and Europe includes extensive metro connectivity to thousands of buildings and data centers. Zayo’s communications infrastructure solutions include dark fiber, private data networks, wavelengths, Ethernet, and dedicated Internet access. Zayo serves wireless and wireline carriers, media, tech, content, finance, healthcare and other large enterprises. Position Description As a Tax and Data Analyst, you will be working closely with the Transaction Tax Manager and Tax Director to ensure the timely and accurate filing of Regulatory reports at all jurisdictional levels. You will work with our Tax Team to collect, validate and analyze data required for the monthly compliance process. This position is part of a growing Tax Department with opportunities for developing one’s tax expertise. Responsibilities Responsible for analytical data needs related to tax compliance. Handle complex data requests and develop reports for tax compliance. Assist in preparing transaction tax, regulatory filings and unclaimed property reporting. Identify, analyze, and interpret trends and patterns in data sets. Other projects and duties as assigned. Identify new process improvement opportunities. Key Skills and Experience Requirements BA/BS degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration, Information Systems, Business Analytics, Data Science or relevant field. Experience in data analysis. Experience in the telecom industry would be an advantage. Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel & Access, as well as other MS Office applications. Google applications including Gmail, Google Sheets and Google Docs. Salesforce.com and/or Oracle R12 experience would be an advantage. Ability to handle tight deadlines and work independently. Strong organization and time management skills to handle multiple priorities High level of attention to detail. Must be a self-starter to meet the needs of the business. Rewards Competitive compensation Base salary range: $50,480-$55,191 Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) - Full-time Zayo employees are also eligible for discretionary AIP which is based on the performance of the Company, an employee’s business segment, and the individual employee Excellent benefits including health, dental, vision, 401 (k), disability and life insurance Fitness membership discounts Generous paid time off policy including paid parental leave  Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time
Southern HVAC is seeking a Procurement Analyst to join our Maitland, FL corporate team! The Procurement Analyst will be a critical support function supporting both our Purchasing & Sourcing Teams. Data management, robust mapping of the Procurement areas, and data analysis which will be key areas in which the Procurement Analyst will drive improvement, manage information and partner with key internal stakeholders.As a Procurement Analyst, your essential responsibilities will include but are not limited to: Review and drive supplier and co-manufacturers score-carding, maintaining annual cost savings tracking.Compiling and maintaining Department spend data, contract tracking and capabilities mapping, driving obsolescence tracking and reporting.Data management for the Procurement Organization.Spend reporting, data gathering and partnering with finance.Spend analysis reporting.Working with the team to gather data and maintain contracts.Scorecard data management.Gather Data to Support Spend Analysis.Does benchmarking analysis at commodity and/or category level.Gather and report department KPIs supporting Objectives and Key Results (OKR).Work with Purchasing/Commodity owner to evaluate potential for internal management.Meeting prep.Issue POs as required.Work on “Lean” initiatives and identify other sourcing efficiencies via benchmarking, VA/VE, competitive quotes and resourcing.Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree or higher, supply chain, finance or mathematics or data science preferred.Excellent time management and organization skills.Excellent written and oral communication skills.Versatility, flexibility, and a willingness to work within constantly changing priorities with enthusiasm.Ability to deal effectively with a diversity of individuals at all organizational levels.Good judgment with the ability to make timely and sound decisions.Creative, flexible, and innovative team player.Excellent analytical and judgment skills. Advanced excel skills are a must-have.Experience with Microsoft Dynamics.Knowledge of hardware, services and vendors and related contracts.Open-minded self-starter with the ability to adapt, improvise and problem solve.Ability to work independently on multiple tasks and projects with various stakeholders.Organizational skills to manage and track transactional details.If you thrive in a fast-paced, professional environment, apply today!Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayWeekend availabilityWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
APCO Insight®, the strategic research consultancy within the global communication firm APCO Worldwide, is seeking a Research Analyst (Data Science) to join its team in New York.  APCO Insight works with many of the world’s leading companies, associations, nonprofits and public-sector organizations on a diverse range of challenges. Our core research capabilities support reputation management, brand and campaign communications, issues and crisis management, message and creative development, thought leadership, and consumer and cultural trends. The data science Research Analyst will support APCO Insight data science team members in executing advanced data analytics assignments on behalf of the organization and clients. APCO Insight’s data science team is increasingly involved in assignments employing statistics (e.g., linear/logistics regression, clustering) to develop insights for communication strategy. The candidate will be involved in secondary research techniques, digital and social media research, and structured/unstructured data analytics. Responsibilities Data science assignments involve four core areas: (1) Software, (2) Analytics Methodology Selection, (3) Analytics Execution and (4) Data Storytelling. The candidate is expected to: Provide day-to-day support of quantitative data-related projects Prepare and monitor quantitative data collection Pull data from software sources, such as social listening and media monitoring Clean, code and manage unstructured (text) datasets Conduct data analysis including advanced statistical techniques such significance testing, mean, standard deviation, regression, clustering, etc. Ensure data and reporting quality Use digital research tools to analyze the conversation landscape and identify target audiences and influencers Visualize data insights using charts, graphs and tables and develop reports in PowerPoint or Tableau Write clearly to communicate with colleagues, research partners and clients Qualifications 1-2 years of relevant experience Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Marketing or Business from an accredited college or university in a related field Excellent PowerPoint & Excel skills Proficient with SPSS, R or other comparable statistical programs Working knowledge of descriptive and inferential statistics, strong analytical skills Familiarity with or willingness to learn digital and social media research tools such as Quid, Affinio, Brandwatch, Talkwalker or other similar programs Able to multi-task, strong time management and organizational skills Excellent written and oral skills and the ability to communicate within an organization Furthermore, the ideal candidate will have an interest in working on a start-up team in an entrepreneurial team within APCO Insight to help develop new products and methodologies to sell to clients and prospects around reputation management, corporate branding, thought leadership and/or public affairs issues management. Founded in 1984, APCO Worldwide is an award-winning, independently owned global communication and business strategy firm with offices in major cities throughout North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia. APCO combines a global perspective with local expertise to help clients around the world manage challenges, opportunities, perceptions and reputations. APCO clients include corporations and governments; industry associations and nonprofit organizations; and six of the top 10 companies on the Fortune 500. The firm is a majority women-owned business. APCO Worldwide, named “Public Affairs Agency of the Decade” by The Holmes Report and one of the “Top Places to Work in PR” by PRNews, offers a collegial work environment, countless training and development opportunities, and a competitive compensation and benefits package. EOE M/F/V/D  Are you ready to challenge convention and challenge yourself?
Summary Posted: Jun 11, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200246548 Play a part in building the next revolution of machine learning technology. We're looking for passionate mid level and senior researchers to work on ambitious curiosity driven long-term research projects that will impact the future of Apple, and our products. In this role, you'll have the opportunity to work on innovative foundational research in machine learning. As a member of the team, you will be inspired by a diversity of challenging problems, collaborate with world-class Machine Learning Engineers and researchers to impact the future of Apple products, and publish some of your results in high-quality scientific venues. Key Qualifications Demonstrated expertise in machine learning research. Publication record in relevant conferences (e.g. NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, AAAI, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, EMNLP, etc). Hands-on experience working with deep learning toolkits such as Tensorflow or PyTorch. Strong mathematical skills in linear algebra and statistics. Ability to formulate a research problem, design, experiment, implement and communicate solutions. Ability to work in a diverse collaborative environment. Description You have a strong research background in machine learning or related fields, and regularly publish your results in the main relevant conference and journal venues, and make sure that your research results are of high quality and reproducible. You will propose your own research plan to advance our understanding of machine learning and execute it through implementation and experimentation, in collaboration with your colleagues. You will provide technical mentorship and guidance, and prepare technical reports for publication and conference talks. Education & Experience PhD, or equivalent practical experience, in Computer Science, or related technical field. *** Open to locations outside of Santa Clara Valley ***
Dearborn Ford Motor Company Product Development Job Description & Qualifications At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation.  Do you have what it takes to make smart vehicles for a smart world? Join the Ford Product Development team. Utilizing Design Thinking & User Experience methods, you’ll work to deliver breakthrough products and services that delight our customers. We’re seeking forward-thinking, laser-focused professionals with a passion for bringing innovative, exciting, and sustainable ideas to life. We have opportunities around the world for you to contribute to such advancements as autonomy, electrification, smart mobility technologies, and more!  What you’ll be able to do: Collaborate with multiple teams (failure analysis leads, automation lab team and product owners) to understand requirements Understand the full life cycle of Failure Analysis, this includes from the start of lab execution through the manual failure analysis and contradictions Analyze sets of data to discover methods to clean the data to be utilize in our existing models Maintain existing ML models and Research, implement new machine learning algorithms to use in our test automation lab Grouping of large volumes of data based on semantic meanings Utilize natural language processing techniques to parse sets of entered text and draw parallels to existing sets of reference data. Apply statistical analysis and report results visually and numerically The minimum requirements we seek: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, or similar scientific field 1+ years of experience in machine learning, deep learning or natural language processing (including co-op, internship, or coursework) 6+ months of experience using libraries such as Scikit-learn, PyTorch, or TensorFlow (including co-op, internship, or coursework) 1+ years of experience programming in Python and/or Java (including co-op, internship, or coursework) 1+ years of experience working with large datasets, structured and unstructured (including co-op, internship, or coursework)  Our preferred requirements: Experience in deploying, retraining existing models and tuning hyper parameters Basic understanding of analyzing errors of the model and designing strategies to overcome them Strong background in algorithms and data structures  What you’ll receive in return: As part of the Ford family, you’ll enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You’ll also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition.  If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we’d love to have you join us. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.  Visa sponsorship may be available for this position.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.  For information on Ford’s benefits and compensation, click here: https://clicktime.symantec.com/34jag92XUFJYHaNge9RMLCD7Vc?u=https%3A%2F%2Fcorporate.ford.com%2Fcontent%2Fdam%2Fcorporate%2Fus%2Fen-us%2Fdocuments%2Fcareers%2F2021-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-1.pdf Auto req ID 44627BR State Michigan Skill Team Product Development (PD) Sub-Component EESE-Software
Job Description: We are looking for a Data Analyst to become part of a specialized data team, focused on growing our subscription business and improving Dow Jones’ core products. The role will require exceptional project management skills and an interest in business intelligence tools—as well as an obsession with great news products. You will assist in the management and execution of large scale data projects and support daily reporting on core business functions. You will focus on our Barron's and MarketWatch membership products. What you’ll do: Source and query data required for both ongoing business intelligence efforts and larger scale data science projects. Draw meaningful insights from large datasets—find creative ways those insights can be used to both sell subscriptions and make the experience of reading our products better. Use visualization tools to present complex data in a simple, engaging manner. Assist in the management of long-term data projects. Effectively communicate with business stakeholders, identifying requirements and developing success metrics for the development and deployment of machine learning applications. Identify opportunities for new data projects. Ask smart questions, diagnose the real problem, and develop a long-term solution. Requirements: You have a bachelor’s degree in information systems, marketing, operations, or general management from a technically intensive business program. Graduates with relevant coursework or professional experience in business intelligence will also be considered. 1-2 years experience working in a data-related role is preferred. You have an entrepreneurial attitude toward work and sweat the details. You have experience using analytics tools (SQL, Tableau, Excel) and an interest in more advanced topics in analytics (machine learning, artificial intelligence). Coding skills (i.e. R, Python) a plus. An enthusiasm for Barron's and MarketWatch, as well as an understanding of the product is a must. Some background in media is preferred. Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com. Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: WSJ MEMBERSHIP GROUP Job Category: Data/Content Group About Us Since 1882, Dow Jones has been finding new ways to bring information to the world’s top business entities. Beginning as a niche news agency in an obscure Wall Street basement, Dow Jones has grown to be a worldwide news and information powerhouse, with prestigious brands including The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones Newswires, Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch and Financial News. This longevity and success is due to a relentless pursuit of accuracy, depth and innovation, enhanced by the wisdom of past experience and a solid grasp on the future ahead. More than its individual brands, Dow Jones is a modern gateway to intelligence, with innovative technology, advanced data feeds, integrated solutions, expert research, award-winning journalism and customizable apps and delivery systems to bring the information that matters most to customers, when and where they need it, every day. If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view "Find Jobs - Dow Jones." Thank you. Req ID: 26394
Scheduled Hours 37.5 Position Summary The Health Communication Research Lab (HCRL) in the Brown School conducts research to assess and address health disparities. The individual will be responsible for the data management and analysis of multiple longitudinal research projects involving survey data and administrative health care billing and claims data. The analyst will: 1) conduct secure electronic transfer of large data sets; 2) perform data management activities, including cleaning, quality checks, and creation of variables for analysis; 3) maintain comprehensive codebooks and protocol documents; 4) perform statistical analyses; and 5) contribute to the reporting of results. The individual will work independently with mentoring from senior staff and statisticians, and in collaboration with other project staff and investigators. Job Description Primary Duties and Responsibilities Manage data. Prepare administrative and survey data for analysis. Create and maintain comprehensive data codebooks and syntax. Perform regular quality control checks of data. Work effectively with internal and external research staff engaged in data collection, management, and analysis. Perform statistical analyses of data collected. Analyze data, interpret statistical test results, and summarize findings in graphical and written formats. Develop and maintain databases that support the recruitment and data collection needs of the project, as needed. Help prepare findings for dissemination in various forms (presentations, papers, reports). Draft narrative description of methods and results for journal articles, etc. Other duties as assigned Preferred Qualifications Completed master’s degree in public health, biostatistics, psychology or behavioral science, or related field with two years related experience. Experience managing, coding, and analyzing medical record or health plan administrative data (e.g., ICD, CPT codes etc.). Experience selecting and conducting the best inferential statistical tests for a given research question. Experience with some of the following: survival analysis, hierarchical linear modeling, mixed effects models, latent class analysis, growth mixture modeling, structural equation modeling, power analysis, sampling and weighting, propensity scores, multiple imputation, simulation models, cost effectiveness analysis, and others topics. Strong, effective, written and oral communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to communicate with staff and investigators about data fields and coding algorithms, complex issues and analytic results with clarity. Excellent organizational skills. Ability to maintain a complex set of data management tasks, monitor quality, and prioritize workflow. Ability to work effectively while balancing competing demands of multiple assignments. Attention to detail and accuracy in editing, recordkeeping, etc. Desire to learn new skills, show initiative and independently perform new applications and procedures. Required Qualifications Master’s degree and one year of related work experience or bachelor’s degree and three years of related work experience in public health, computer science, statistics, biostatistics, psychology, social sciences, or related field. Experience merging, managing, and analyzing large longitudinal datasets. Excellent computer skills. A minimum of two years of experience with data analysis and working with programming software such as SAS, R, Stata, Mplus, SQL, Python and other programming languages in addition to reporting tools such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access or FileMaker Pro, Visual Basic, and others. Ability to learn and independently perform new applications and procedures. Attention to detail and ability to juggle multiple projects and deadlines. Ability to verbally communicate complex issues with clarity to different types of audiences (e.g., academic, health plans, community). Ability to collaborate with others, working independently and with team members, including students, staff and faculty. Grade G10 Salary Range $45,800.00 - $75,900.00 / Annually The salary range reflects base salaries paid for positions in a given job grade across the University. Individual rates within the range will be determined by factors including one's qualifications and performance, equity with others in the department, market rates for positions within the same grade and department budget. Pre-Employment Screening All external candidates receiving an offer for employment will be required to submit to pre-employment screening for this position. The screenings will include criminal background check and, as applicable for the position, other background checks, drug screen, an employment and education or licensure/certification verification, physical examination, certain vaccinations and/or governmental registry checks. All offers are contingent upon successful completion of required screening. Benefits Statement Washington University in St. Louis is committed to providing a comprehensive and competitive benefits package to our employees. Benefits eligibility is subject to employment status, full-time equivalent (FTE) workload, and weekly standard hours. Please visit our website at https://hr.wustl.edu/benefits/ to view a summary of benefits. EEO/AA Statement Washington University is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to an individual’s sex, race, color, religion, age, disability status, protected veteran status, national or ethnic origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation. Women, minorities, protected veterans and the disabled are strongly encouraged to apply. Diversity Statement Washington University is dedicated to building a diverse community of individuals who are committed to contributing to an inclusive environment – fostering respect for all and welcoming individuals from diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. Individuals with a commitment to these values are encouraged to apply. Applicant Instructions When you are ready to apply, creating an account only takes a minute. Your account creates a candidate home page which we will use to communicate with you and allows you to apply for jobs and view your application statuses. The first page of the application offers two “Quick Apply” options. Quick Apply allows you to either use a previous application or create a new application using a resume to populate the work experience and education sections of your job application. If using a resume to populate your application, check to ensure the application fields populated accurately. You may skip the “Quick Apply” page by clicking “Next” at the bottom of the page. Documents may be uploaded in the My Experience section of the application. You also have the option to apply with a Linkedin feature, which allows you to apply by using your Linkedin profile to populate some of the job application fields.
TeePublic is looking for a Data Scientist to join its growing team in NYC. This individual will be a highly motivated and organized self-starter with the ability to handle multiple priorities at once. This individual will be integral in helping scale a fast-paced, rapidly growing team with a culture built on passion, hard-work, and fun.  You'll be an embedded member of the Content and Data team, working with product, data engineering, and software engineering to build machine learning algorithms and solve complex problems around search and personalization. With more than 4 billion SKUs to manage, we are a living, breathing big data challenge. We've built the foundation of our data infrastructure and done the initial analysis - you will be the catalyst to accelerate and optimize content discovery.  You will play an integral role in facilitating the already rapid growth of TeePublic by:  Building production grade models on large-scale datasets to optimize content discovery by utilizing advanced statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining techniques and marketing science research Developing and maintaining machine learning infrastructure that powers our ranking and recommendation models Using Natural Language Processing to understand content across product meta data and user searches Applying clustering and classification techniques to identify clusters of customers based on purchase, demographics, and on-site behavior Use models to address key growth challenges and provide meaningful insights on problems such as significance testing and A/B testing  Job Requirements  You have the technical competence to perform advanced analytics You have coding experience, specifically wrangling (such as with Python, SQL, Java, and/or Scala) and analyzing (such as with Pandas or R) large datasets You have worked extensively with machine learning (such as Tensorflow, Torch), natural language processing, and advanced analytics (e.g. time series, regression, neural networks, mathematical optimization) You have built and applied clustering (such as k-means, hierarchical, and mean shift) and classification (e.g. k-nearest neighbor, logistic regression, decision tree, random forest) algorithms  This role is located in our NYC office, though we are remote for the foreseeable future.
NautoⓇ is the only real-time AI-powered Driver Behavior Learning Platform able to predict, actively prevent, and rce high-risk events in the mobility ecosystem. By analyzing billions of data points from over 400 million AI-analyzed video miles, Nauto’s machine learning algorithms continuously improve and help to impact driver behavior before events happen, not after. Nauto has enabled the largest commercial fleets in the world to avoid more than 25,000 collisions, resulting in nearly $100 million in savings.  Nauto is located in North America, Japan, and Europe. Nauto is backed by SoftBank Vision FundGroup Corp., Greylock Partners, BMW iVentures, General Motors Ventures, Toyota AI Ventures, Allianz Group, Playground Global and DNX Ventures.  Responsibilities  Build risk models and analyses based on real-life data from large vehicle fleets and insurance companies Work on ROI calculation and understanding the impact of different risk factors on collisions Work with and create large datasets to discover insights helpful in developing new approaches and algorithms to advance the state of the art in transportation safety Work closely with Data Infrastructure engineers to build scalable and automated datasets, analyses and models  Experiences and Skills  Practical experience with data science and machine learning methods, common cloud-based data analysis tools and frameworks Spark, SQL, Pandas, AWS, PySpark, etc). Passion for communication based on data, across business and engineering teams, including leadership and customers. Excellent SQL skills. Solid mathematical and statistical background. Solid skills programming in Python. Passionate about transportation safety. Hands-on and versatile data scientist with practical experience building predictive models using diverse data sources at scale. Collaborative mindset when working with engineering teams to implement data models and data gathering infrastructure in production. Independent thinker capable of uncovering insights in data to inform our roadmap. Entrepreneurial personality is a plus. M.Sc or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Math, Physics or similarly quantitative-heavy background.  We have all the perks of a Valley startup, including:  Experienced leadership with a great track record of growing startups Learning and development opportunities from a highly diverse and talented peer group including experts in a wide range of fields such as Artificial Intelligence & Computer Vision, Systems & Device Engineering, and Support & Operations Comfortable co-working environment and communal problem solving We love Hackathons! Free lunch, dinner, snacks, drinks, daily Fun activities like weekly happy hour, daily group workouts and occasional nerf battles. We even have a puzzle club! We are a dog-friendly environment We are in the heart of Palo Alto, walking distance from the Caltrain station.  We also have all the best benefits, including:  Stock options Coverage for (health, dental, vision) including qualified dependents Healthcare spending accounts (FSA, HSA) 401K Commuter assistance Up to 20 weeks of parental leave Flexible PTO  Nauto is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment that fosters learning from each other. We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a work environment free of harassment and discrimination.  To all recruitment agencies: Nauto does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Nauto employees or any other company location. Nauto is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
Edgewood Consulting Group is a global sales and marketing strategy firm committed to brand, category, aisle and retail leadership.We work with consumer packaged goods companies and their retail partners to generate insights, innovation and implementation that gets results. We combine research and data with advanced analytics in ways that drive innovation in strategy, category management, aisle leadership, and shopper marketing.Edgewood’s unique approach wins awards, builds brands, and creates a competitive advantage for our clients.https://edgewoodcg.com/homeResponsibilities:Pull and analyze data from different data providers for retail marketing and consumer marketing analysis and strategy developmentOrganize data, research and insights to analyze it, generate observations, insights, trends and hypotheses for further investigationWork independently and in project teams to contribute to and collaborate on final deliverables and recommendationsCombine data and insights from different sources: syndicated data, market research, secondary research to- Identify trends and insights- Make presentations for clients- Contribute to and participate in discussions and brainstorms to develop strategy and recommendationsWrite up recommendations for internal use and in presentations for client use and use in their presentations to retailersBuild, maintain and work with software & models that support advanced analyticsWork is in typically, but not limited to Excel, PowerPoint and well as proprietary toolsSuccessful candidates combine analytic and creative skills to develop as an analyst and strategist and become an increasingly valued member of our teamProject Types:Analyze and recommend how to build distribution for a new productAnalyze and recommend how to price new and existing productsPrepare to field consumer researchAnalyze consumer research results and syndicated (scanner) data to generate recommendationsBuild a sales presentation for client sales team to present to Walmart, Target, Costco, etc.Requirements:Candidates must be strong in MS Office including PowerPoint and Excel – and proficient with pivot tables, vlookups and advanced formulas. The first-round interview includes an Excel test.Has received degree within the last four years or will receive degree by Summer 2021 (recent grad or class of 2021)Excellent analytics skillsProject/club/job/volunteer experience outside of the classroomFor this position, we are looking for someone who can think creatively in evaluating both the "why" of an issue and who can generate solutions. We value intellectual honesty and communication and are looking for someone who is results-oriented, checks their own work, meets deadlines, & takes pride in exceeding expectations. We also want someone who wants to work in a team-oriented, non-political environment.Career Path: Our entrepreneurial culture allows you to develop your talents and shape your career. You’ll receive training, mentoring & assignments to develop your skills and add increasing value to clients’ brands.Position Type/Duration:Full-timeSome light travel may be required (post-covid)Work from home with return to office once safeApplication Requirements:ResumeCoverletterAbout Edgewood Consulting GroupDescription: We are an award-winning sales & marketing consultancy with Consumer Packaged Goods clients looking for people who are both analytical and creative. You’ll love this job and thrive if you’re good at and enjoy: analyzing & working with data, synthesizing analysis to generate insights and strategic innovation, presenting findings in a clear, concise & compelling manner Also, someone who: Can think creatively in evaluating both the “why” of an issue - and generate solutions. Is bright, resourceful, but above all is intellectually honest with themselves and their co-workers. Is hard working, results-oriented, checks own work, meets deadlines, takes pride in exceeding goals. Wants to work in a team-oriented, non political environment. Career Path: Our entrepreneurial culture allows you to develop your talents and shape your career. You’ll receive training, mentoring & assignments to develop your skills and add increasing value to clients’ Brands. Position Type/Duration: Internships and full-time positions Some light travel may be required Qualifications: 1. Character Intellectually honest Hard-working and eager to learn Follows projects through to successful completion Results-oriented & excels under pressure Team player 2. Skills/Technical - Must have demonstrated skill in the following: Quantitative/Analytical proficiency - statistical/quantitative analysis with reasonable speed and above all, high accuracy to pull data, organize/scrub it, analyze it, develop hypotheses, find insights and be able to explain what you’ve found. Patient enough to enjoy working with big data to “solve the puzzle”. Communication Skills – expertise in written and verbal communication. We value the ability to communicate complex analysis & concepts in a clear and concise manner. Creativity – once you find the insights, synthesize them using both sides of your brain to develop innovative strategies and solutions for our clients. We brainstorm, but we aim before we shoot. Candidates must be strong in MS Office including PowerPoint and Excel. Proficiency with big data, statistics, and data science is a plus. The first-round interview includes an Excel test.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offParental leaveVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayAbility to commute/relocate:Cypress, CA 90630: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Marketing: 1 year (Preferred)Data analytics: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Job Overview   Calling all software engineers! Are you a first-class problem-solver with strong technical skills? We’re looking for passionate go-getters to join our Software Engineering Co-op Program as part of our elite Labs (Technology) team for Fall/Winter 2021-2022.   About Us   When you join iCIMS, you join the team helping global companies transform business and the world through the power of talent. Our customers do amazing things: design rocket ships, create vaccines, deliver consumer goods globally, overnight, with a smile. As the Talent Cloud company, we empower these organizations to attract, engage, hire, and advance the right talent. We’re passionate about helping companies build a diverse, winning workforce and about building our home team. We're dedicated to fostering an inclusive, purpose-driven, and innovative work environment where everyone belongs.  Responsibilities   As a Software Engineering Co-op student, you’ll work on real-world projects aligned to your area of interest—whether it be front-end development, back-end development or full stack development —and will learn about agile methodologies and different aspects of our software development lifecycle, including design, coding, code reviews, documentation, acceptance testing and test automation. This is a unique hands-on training initiative that focuses primarily on the development of skills, knowledge and the confidence required to build a burgeoning career in technology. If you want to be a part of a world-class engineering program, work with the latest tools and emerging technologies and make an immediate impact, you would be a perfect fit!   Qualifications   Working towards a Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or a relevant Engineering degree during the time of the Co-op (Fall/Winter 2021-2022) Active participant in the Drexel University Co-op Program GPA of 3.0 or above Past internship experience in Software Development preferred Good analytical and problem-solving skills Strong Communication & Interpersonal skills Good knowledge of working with different browsers and other related web-based technologies Strong working knowledge of Java, Javascript (React & Node are a plus) or Python Knowledge of Java or JavaScript testing frameworks, such as JUNIT, TestNG, JEST, Jasmine or similar a plus Other skills and technologies of interest: Spring, Apache Spark, Pandas, Hadoop, Hive and Machine Learning/ Data Science experience   EEO Statement iCIMS is a place where everyone belongs. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Our approach helps us to build a winning team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and abilities. So, regardless of how your diversity expresses itself, you can find a home here at iCIMS. We are proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, genetic information, disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you would like to request an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at careers@icims.com.  Compensation & Benefits  Preferred
Current Employees: If you are a current employee at Ryder (not a Contractor or temporary employee through a staffing agency), please click here (http://wd5.myworkday.com/ryder/d/task/1422$3.htmld) to log in to Workday to apply using the internal application process. To learn how to apply for a position using the Career worklet, please review this quick reference guide (https://rydersystems.service-now.com/sys\attachment.do?sys\id=a39f83621bd99050632a4223cd4bcb91) . Job Seekers can review the Job Applicant Privacy Policy by clicking HERE. (https://ryder.com/job-applicant-privacy-policy) You are the driving force behind our company. Start your career with Ryder today! Summary The Senior Data Engineer's role is to know and understand the business logic required to turn a complex idea into a sustainable value add process as a member of the Ryder Product team. The Senior Data Engineer will help ensure the data is usable and viable with near real-time reporting to deliver solutions to the problems presented. Over time the Senior Data Engineer will become an expert of systems. This position will work on cutting edge data technology by being a key contributor on Ryder's Azure Data Lake and analytics initiatives. On this team a Senior Data Engineer will get the chance to be the expert of data, collaborating with Data Analysts and Scientists, using all the skills in order to exploit data to drive the business forward. The Engineer will help push the envelope of what is possible in the big data space for streaming live data into a data lake; moving data from raw replication, to cleansed, to an aggregated solution for the analytics team to leverage. Essential Functions Perform the extraction, transformations and loading from the source systems and the data lake to the analytics products. Enhance data maturity and integration for Ryder’s products by interacting with operations to standardize the core value-add functionality, enabling a multiplier effect. A specialist of data integration and analytics, bringing the required qualitative and quantitative skills to enable the product teams. Additional Responsibilities Performs other duties as assigned. Skills and Abilities Experience using tools like:• ETL tools (Alteryx or SSIS)• Data manipulation tools (SQL)• Object oriented development stacks (.net) Exposure to the development of predictive analytic solutions using predictive analytics tools like:• Alteryx, R, Python• Power BI, Tableau (preferred) Strong verbal and written communication skills, with an ability to express complex technical concepts in business terms Support product innovation, working closely with technology throughout the build, test, and release of the product using agile methodologies Qualifications Bachelor's degree required in Computer Science or equivalent Master's degree preferred in Computer Science, MBA or equivalent Two (2) years or more Applied Project(s) Experience: Experience in demonstrating, digital transformation, data management in an educational/project or intern type environment required Two (2) years or more experience in data extraction, transformation & loading and agile development. Experience working in a cloud environment a plus. preferred DOT Regulated: No Job Category: Data Science & Analytics Ryder is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and Drug Free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability. Job Seekers can review the Job Applicant Privacy Policy by clicking HERE. (https://ryder.com/job-applicant-privacy-policy) Requisition ID: R28001 Job Type: Full time Ryder operates behind the scenes, managing critical fleet, transportation and supply chain functions for over 50,000 customers, many of which make the products that consumers use every day. When you choose Ryder, you get access to industry-leading technology, one of North America’s largest fleet of trucks, an expansive infrastructure of maintenance facilities and warehouses, and some of the most talented people in the industry. \#wd
Who We Are:  The Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) is a private, nonprofit corporation headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia, just outside Washington, DC. IDA’s mission is to answer the most challenging U.S. security and science policy questions with objective analysis leveraging extraordinary scientific, technical, and analytic expertise. IDA operates three Federally Funded Research and Development Centers (FFRDC’s).  Why Work for IDA?  IDA’s Operational Evaluation Division is seeking a Research Staff Member to join our Test Science Team in Alexandria, VA. OED’s primary task is to support the DoD in evaluating how effective, suitable, and survivable military systems are under operationally realistic conditions.  Primary Responsibilities  Assist in the design, planning, and observation of operational tests (e.g., develop test designs leveraging experimental design principles, produce power calculations); Provide quantitative analytic support to the government sponsor and other researchers within OED (e.g., predictive modeling, statistical analysis of human and system performance data); Assist in the preparation of documents (e.g., briefings and reports on the design, conduct, and findings of operational tests, graphs that clearly present findings from analyses, meeting materials); Communicate information about test design methods and findings from operational tests to the government sponsor in a clear, professional manner; Develop methods for dealing with the challenges of operational testing, emerging technologies, and improving data quality (e.g., small sample sizes, safety constraints, artificial intelligence, operational realism); Develop materials to educate the operational test community (e.g., quantitative and qualitative analysis techniques, test design methods, survey methods). Contribute to the development of policies, strategies, or frameworks surrounding the planning and execution of test and evaluation in DoD.  What Will You Need?  If you want to make important contributions to the Nation while enjoying challenging work, please apply now for consideration.  A minimum of a Doctoral degree in Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics, Quantitative Psychology, Cognitive Science, Computer Science, or a similar degree that emphasizes quantitative analysis, artificial intelligence, or machine learning; OR a Master’s degree in one of these fields coupled with 8+ years relevant career experience in the government, military, or industry. Candidates must have experience with one or more of the following statistical packages: JMP, R, SPSS, Matlab, SAS, or Python. Candidates must have demonstrated ability in applied statistics (e.g., design of experiments, linear modeling, reliability, or Bayesian methods). Ability to work independently or in teams. Expertise in one or more of Bayesian methods; computer programming; artificial intelligence; machine learning; legal, moral, and ethical issues involving technology; or human-system interaction is desired. Military or civilian DoD acquisition or test experience is desired but not required. Travel is required (25-30%) Successful completion of a background check is required.  U.S. Citizenship is required Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance is required Equal Opportunity Employer
Imprivata’s data-science team seeks a data engineer. This engineer will deploy production AI functionality, and will help run data-science experiments at scale. The ideal candidate will have polyglot coding skills for SaaS products/services, and will be familiar with the following tools and platforms: Python SQL R A cloud data-lake/warehouse platform. Applicants should be comfortable implementing production AI for a variety of model types, including deep-learning and classical machine-learning and statistical models. Data parallelism of various kinds will be routine. The role will work closely with our data scientists and our lead data engineer to understand analytical model architectures selected by the data scientists, and then to scale the models to production workloads of many million events per day. At Imprivata, we have a top-notch work environment, developmental opportunities, a competitive total rewards package, and the desire to have fun. If you have the skills and qualifications as we have described above, we want to hear from you!  Imprivata provides equal employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals, as well as other protected groups.
JOB DESCRIPTION Insight Global's Managed Service Division is partnering with one of the largest utilities as they promote renewable energy sources with homeowners who are going solar, using electric cars or battery storage. Customers need to submit an application to our client for the energy they are creating to be stored to the electric grid. Our team is responsible for the processing of these applications for home and small business owners. As the Technical Writer on this team, you would be supporting the writing, editing, and publishing of technical documentation related to Net Energy Metering. Documents that would be requested would involve Work Flows (Diagrams and Decision Trees developed in visio, Job Aids developed in Word) for each of the NEM scopes and review and update procedures as necessary (Material Modifications, Pre-Parallel Inspections, Changes in Review Processes, etc). You would collaborate with operational subject-matter-experts. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Strong proficiency in written communication skills Strong skills in MS Word, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Visio, and Excel Strong Facilitation skills Active listener Organizational skills Logical/Critical Thinking
Are you a Machine Learning Engineer looking for a change? Do you want to work with cutting edge technology for an established Fortune 500 company on a fully remote basis? Our client is looking for a Lead Machine Learning Engineer to help develop machine learning platform solutions for machine learning operations and deployment. You would be an important contributor for our client's Machine Learning deployment platform currently being built to enable Data Scientists and Analysts to build, deploy, and monitor their ML models. The ideal candidate will have programming experience with Python, and experience working in a Cloud environment. This would be a remote position, but would generally follow an EST schedule.Does it sound like a good fit? If so, APPLY NOW!Job Types: Full-time, ContractBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceHealth savings accountVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftWork Location:Fully Remote
Duration:1+Month Responsibilities: We are looking for a partner who has done CloudSQL(PostgreSQL) upgrades. One of our customer needs to upgrade all their Cloud SQL instances from PostgreSQL 9.6 to 11. We need a couple strong hands-on partner engineers to help here. We are also trying to find a SCE with experience to help oversee this. Please let us know if you have this experience within your delivery team. The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion.
Mather Economics seeks new graduates to early-stage career individuals who have strong technical skills with the ability to write efficient and maintainable code. Candidates should have experience in data cleaning, manipulation and management through course work, fellowships, independent research, internships, and/or previous work experience. Individuals should be detail-oriented, organized and have a good understanding of econometric modeling and coding.  Candidates should have a four-year degree from an accredited college or university with a degree in economics, computer science, mathematics, or a related field. Degrees should be accompanied with relevant internship or work experience. Technical skills should include Stata, SQL, and Python.  We are seeking individuals who stress they want a fast-paced, team focused atmosphere, have a desire to continually learn and improve technical skills, and show a desire to grow into future positions with the company.  Requirements and Qualifications for position:  Bachelor’s degree A good understanding of econometric modeling either via previous experience or the completion of an econometrics course Practical experience with Stata, SQL, and Python or related tools Enjoy being in the weeds with data and problem solving Ability to write efficient and maintainable code Practical experience with Tableau, Hadoop, Hive, or Spark is a plus Advanced working knowledge of Excel Curious and continually eager to learn technical skills and methods Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Strong time management and project management skills Detail-oriented Ability to work autonomously and use excellent judgment in escalating issues to supervisors  Responsibilities included but are not limited to:  Perform data management such as data validation, quality assurance and health reporting Handle data operational tasks, such as running, modifying and automating recurring processes using SQL and Python Apply econometric modeling coefficients to client datasets using STATA Pull and manipulate data for client requested reporting Write queries to pull output for A/B testing results to be used in client reporting Maintain data quality assurance on a regular basis for data feeds from clients and to clients Problem-solve data or process issues Create and updating health reporting to check for data quality assurance, anomalies and process success Communicate with consulting team on operational tasks and timelines Communicate with team on key performance insights (KPI) on health reporting and quality acceptance thresholds Adjust recurring processes and data to account for any errors outside of quality acceptance thresholds   Candidates with 1-2 years of previous work experience will be considered for the Analyst II position.  Candidates with 2-4 years of previous work experience with demonstrated success in current role and leadership experience will be considered for the Analyst III position.  This position works out of our headquarters in the Sandy Springs area of Atlanta. This is a full-time salaried position with full health benefits, 401K, paid vacation, and an annual bonus.  At this time, Mather Economics is not hiring students that are part of the F-1 OPT under the STEM-designated degree program. We are unable to provide visa sponsorship now or in the future.  Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
Summary Posted: May 12, 2021 Role Number:200247667 The Siri Knowledge Graph Team is building groundbreaking technology for machine learning, data management, and data integration to power knowledge in Siri. The features we build are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Siri’s universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages and Lookup. As part of this group, you will work with one of the most exciting high performance computing environments, with petabytes of data, millions of queries per second, and have an opportunity to imagine and build products that delight our customers every single day. Key Qualifications Industry experience of at least 5-years in a similar position preferred Excellent programming skills in Python or Scala Prior experience with Machine Learning Frameworks such as PyTorch and Tensorflow Prior experience with parallel programming over GPUs Experience working with large data sets and pipelines, ideally using the Apache software stack (e.g. Spark) Broad knowledge of computer science and systems; ability to quickly learn new domains Proven system development skills in UNIX-type OS Excellent problem-solving and analytic skills Good interpersonal skills and teamwork Passion for building phenomenal products and curiosity to learn Description The Siri Knowledge Graph team is looking for extraordinary Machine Learning engineers to join a small, driven team of world-experts on Large-Scale Data Management and Machine Learning Systems. Together, you will be pushing the boundaries of Knowledge Graph Construction in Siri. As part of the Siri Knowledge Graph team, you will design and develop features for a platform that touches upon large-scale data management, machine-learning systems over graph data, and knowledge extraction over semi-structured and unstructured data feeds. You will have the outstanding opportunity to change how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Education & Experience MS or PhD in Computer Science or related field
Assists in the design and development of electronic data processing systems and procedures for functionally distinct activities of an organization and carries out assigned phases thereof independently; analyzes and evaluates operating methods and practices relative to the information needs of specific programs and activities; and performs other related duties as required. Current vacancies are with: The Department of Information Technology (DIT) in the Applications Division The Honolulu Board of Water Supply (HBWS) in the Application Development Section and the Infrastructure Support Section Vacancy in the DIT Applications Division: There is one current vacancy in the DIT Applications Division for a software developer working in a team environment that will create web and mobile applications, websites, reports and APIs to serve the needs of City agencies. Position meets with the stakeholders to gather requirements, perform business analysis to streamline processes, design the systems to meet business objectives, implement and test solutions to ensure a quality software deployment.  Vacancies in the HBWS Application Development Section: Independently performs assignments to assist with the analysis, design, development, implementation, maintenance, and support of departmental enterprise systems. Presently working with a consultant to modify and implement a third-party application at the Honolulu Board of Water Supply.  Vacancies in HWBS Infrastructure Support Section: Responsible for maintaining and supporting, and assists in implementing and managing large and complex computer infrastructure and networking systems for functionally distinct activities.  Additional Job Information: At time of application, you must be a citizen, national or permanent resident alien of the United States or a non-citizen eligible under federal law for unrestricted employment.  ***Salary amount may be subject to pay adjustments***  1) Only ONLINE applications will be accepted.  2) Paper applications will NOT be accepted.  Current vacancies are with the Department of Information Technology (DIT) and the Honolulu Board of Water Supply (HBWS). There is one vacancy in the DIT Applications Division. There are two vacancies in the HBWS Application Development Section and two vacancies in the HBWS Infrastructure Support Section. This list may be used for future vacancies in these and other departments.  Important Notice: Some notifications may be sent via e-mail. You are responsible for monitoring instructions and correspondence from this office by checking your email account in a timely manner. To ensure proper delivery, please make sure you: use a valid e-mail account;verify your e-mail address is entered correctly on your GovernmentJobs account;are subscribed to email notices;check your spam folders; andadd infoneogov@honolulu.gov and info@governmentjobs.com to your contact list.  Minimum Qualification Requirements: EDUCATION REQUIREMENT: Equivalent to graduation from an accredited college or university with major work in Computer Science, Public or Business Administration, Accounting, Mathematics or a related field.  Verification Requirement: You must submit evidence of your education within 7 days of filing this application. A reproduced copy of your diploma and/or transcript which shows the embossed seal must be submitted in order to be given credit. Copies will not be returned. Mail or drop off: Department of Human Resources, 650 South King Street, 10th Floor, Honolulu, HI 96813. Substitution: Work experience may be substituted for the bachelor's degree on a year-for-year basis. Such experience must have provided the knowledge, skills, and analytical ability normally gained from attainment of a bachelor's degree.  EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENT: One year of experience in the analysis of operating practices, methods, and procedures, some of which shall have involved the conduct of feasibility studies and the analysis and design of systems for the electronic processing of data.  Substitution: 1) A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or MIS from an accredited university may be substituted for six months of the experience requirement. 2) A Master's degree in Computer Science or MIS from an accredited university may be substituted for the one year experience requirement. Verification Requirement: You must submit evidence of your education within 7 days of filing this application. A reproduced copy of your diploma and/or transcript which shows the embossed seal must be submitted in order to be given credit. Copies will not be returned. Mail or drop off: Department of Human Resources, 650 South King Street, 10th Floor, Honolulu, HI 96813.  Desirable Experience for Positions with the Department of Information Technology's Applications Division: 1. Work experience developing software solutions to meet customer needs; creating and implementing the source code of new applications; testing source code and debugging code; evaluating existing applications and performing updates and modifications; and developing technical handbooks to represent the design and code of new applications. 2. Managed IT projects in team environment and practiced using agile methodology. 3. Working knowledge of the following languages and software:  a. Angular, NodeJS, or similar JavaScript frameworks.  b. SQL, non-SQL database, IMS database and proficient in database design.  c. JavaScript, C, Java, PHP, Python, COBOL computer languages.  d. GIS mapping software.  e. Flutter Framework.  f. Responsive web sites using WordPress and proficient in graphic design using Adobe toolset.  g. Restful API and understand Micro-service architecture  h. Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning  Examination Process: EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE EVALUATION: In addition to meeting the above minimum qualifications, your application will be further evaluated. Your score will be based on the quality, quantity and/or recency of your education and experience. Failure to provide sufficient information may result in your application being rejected or your receiving a lower grade. Do NOT submit a copy of your resume or position description in lieu of providing detailed and complete information on your application form.  EXAMINATION WEIGHT: Education and Experience Evaluation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 100%
Introduction In the Information Age, data is the most valuable resource. If you can describe yourself as the powerful combination of data hacker, analyst, communicator, and advisor, our Data Specialist position is the right one for you. As a savvy liaison for our teams, you will create solutions and provide actionable insights that shape the future of our business.  Your Role and Responsibilities As a Junior Data Scientist at IBM, you will work as part of a team to solve business-related problems using data-driven techniques. You will apply the scientific method to business scenarios, clean and prepare data for statistical and machine learning modeling, work with a variety of analytical algorithms to build models that better explain data relationships and predict potential scenarios, translate data insights into business value, and communicate results to difference audiences. You will also master different technologies for model deployment.   Throughout your apprenticeship, you’ll work closely with other experienced data scientists and mentors in an interactive, collaborative environment. You’ll learn the fundamentals of probability, statistics, linear algebra, data preparation, data modeling, and deployment of machine learning models. In addition, you will be introduced to additional concepts, skills and tools including Python, Hadoop, and Spark, presentation skills, communication skills, and you will apply these skills to prepare for and successfully obtain data science experience that may lead to certification as a Junior Data Scientist. IBM Certification as a Junior Data Scientist provides the credentials and career milestone that is earned through demonstrated usage of Data Science tools and methodology through case studies, business references and technical references. Our apprenticeship program will give you the opportunity to build your skills to grow your career as a Junior Data Scientist.  What is an Apprenticeship?  IBM Apprenticeship Program is an official registered apprenticeship recognized by the Department of Labor (DOL). Every graduate of a Registered Apprenticeship program receives a nationally-recognized credential from the DOL.  During the apprenticeship duration, you will be required to complete specific learning hours and on the job training that has been outlined to ensure you are developing the skills and competencies essential to the role. You will be able to learn and grow at your own pace, but we expect most apprentices will complete their learning within 24 months. Once you graduate and receive your certificate from our apprentice program, you will be eligible to apply to available full-time roles at IBM.   Who you are  An apprenticeship is about learning. We’re seeking candidates who have the following requirements, but we know you’re just getting your career started, and we’re committed to helping you learn and grow. If you are a highly curious individual, with a passion for learning, and a love of mathematics and data, you’re exactly the type of candidate we’re looking for. Data scientists are inquisitive: exploring, asking questions, doing what if analysis, questioning existing assumptions and processes. They are analytically-minded, statistically and mathematically driven.  To be successful, you need: Drive and eagerness to learn Strong problem solving, critical thinking, organization, and communication skills Ability to work independently and take initiative, as well as work collaboratively and contribute in a team environment as data science is a team sport Ability to think analytically in solving problems What’s the experience?   As an apprentice, you'll join with other apprentices in a local cohort. You'll go through the program together, learning about IBM and the skills you'll be attaining throughout your apprenticeship. Then, you'll work with your managers and mentors to progress through your personal skills roadmap, learning and demonstrating new knowledge and competencies through hands-on application with your project teams. You'll complete milestones along the way, earning digital credentials to validate your skills, and will come back together with other apprentices to participate in on-going training and development focused on your professional and technical skills. Best of all, you are a contributing member of your team, putting forward ideas, taking on responsibilities and making choices about how you get the job done just like any other IBMer.  Relocation funding is not available for this role.  ncappx  Required Technical and Professional Expertise  Willingness to complete the requirements of the apprenticeship program Curiosity, Passion for learning, Love for math, data, and analysis Some knowledge or experience in ONE or more of the following: Java, JavaScript, PHP, C#, Objective-C, C/C++, Python, Ruby and/or functional languages (Haskell, Scala, F#, Clojure) Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise  An undergraduate degree is not required, but students who have taken high school advanced math, and statistics classes are preferred Python Programming knowledge About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.  Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.  Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.  It's time to define your career.  About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.  Location StatementIBM offers a competitive benefits program which may include medical, dental, vision, paid holidays, paid sick time, paid vacation, Employee Assistance Program (EAP), life insurance, IBM 401(k) Program and Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.   IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.  We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.  Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Summary: Yorktown Systems Group is seeking a highly qualified and versatile Data Analyst to provide professional services and support to the Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC) G2 and the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM) Army Intelligence Enterprise (AIE) Directorate at FT Belvoir, VA. The TRADOC G-2 acts as the principal enabler for continuous learning across all TRADOC lines of effort through acquiring, analyzing, creating, organizing, applying, and transferring data, information, and knowledge in the context of current and future operations. The G-2 is responsible for delivering the Operating Environment to facilitate the training of deploying units on joint, national and interagency information, emerging asymmetric capabilities gleaned from world-wide operations; integrating processes, practices, concepts and materiel capabilities into Joint and Service DOTMLPF solutions; and coordinating with the training centers to provide realistic enemy and environmental signatures into models and simulations in support of realistic training.  Specific Background for this position: The Headquarters, US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM) Army Intelligence Enterprise (AIE) Directorate was established in 2018 to lead the modernization and integration of Multi-Domain Intelligence capabilities to advance analysis through strategy, governance, management, and support of systems infrastructure, intelligence architecture, and innovation to enhance the readiness and digital intelligence operations globally. To compliment these efforts, TRADOC will provide supporting personnel to enable doctrinal and mission support for data analytic requirements across the Army Intelligence Enterprise.  Specific duties may include, but are not limited to: This role supports the integration and visualization of doctrinal Enemy Order of Battle data as part of the Distributed Common Ground System-Army (DCGS-A) Capability Drop 2 (CD2) software. This objective can be achieved by conducting the following tasks: Identify threat data sources regardless of data type Apply proper data conversion techniques to format the threat data to enable ingestion Develop code to create visualization tools to present doctrinal and situational templates Build and Maintain systems to process doctrinal data Capture, validate, and condense data Generate code using programming language to manipulate, analyze, and visualize threat data Apply the principles of the Army?s Intelligence Preparation of the Battlefield and Threat Doctrine to develop the data content and design the visualization of the data.  Primary Duties and Responsibilities include: Apply statistics, machine learning and analytic approaches to answer key intelligence questions, producing results and re-usable products that provide real value to Intelligence Analysts. Collaborate with Intelligence Analysts to understand needs and devise possible solutions. Apply machine learning techniques to identify and transform data features, find hidden patterns and trends, build, and optimize classifiers, create automated anomaly detection systems, and automate steps of the intelligence process. Evaluate statistical models to determine the validity of analyses and collaborate with software developers to implement evaluated models into production. Collaborate with Data Scientists to develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers, analysts and other stakeholders and shall provide information regarding dataset applicability to the stakeholder?s mission and for the intelligence community. Document all processes, models, and activities by developing, documents, and implement a configuration management plan for data sets.  Required Qualifications: Excellent practical knowledge of Intelligence Analysis Processes Thorough understanding of statistics, machine learning and analytic approaches to answer key intelligence questions Knowledge of techniques to identify and transform data features and automate steps of the intelligence process Ability to evaluate statistical models to determine the validity of analyses Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively both orally and in writing. A team player who works well with others Bachelor?s degree in Information Technology, Systems Administration and/or a related technical area. Extensive industry certification history will be considered in lieu of degree Due to the nature of the government contract requirements and/or clearance requirements, US citizenship is required  Desired Qualifications: Cloud-based computing platform and analytic application knowledge, especially in the Microsoft Azure environment SQL and Non-SQL based database working and administration understanding. Direct experience with the application of Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning solutions Previous military/deployment experience a plus.  Clearance: Top Secret / SCI clearance is required.  Location: FT Belvoir, VA.  Travel: Less than 5% travel expectation.  Required Qualifications: Excellent practical knowledge of Intelligence Analysis Processes Thorough understanding of statistics, machine learning and analytic approaches to answer key intelligence questions Knowledge of techniques to identify and transform data features and automate steps of the intelligence process Ability to evaluate statistical models to determine the validity of analyses Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively both orally and in writing. A team player who works well with others Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Systems Administration and/or a related technical area. Extensive industry certification history will be considered in lieu of degree Due to the nature of the government contract requirements and/or clearance requirements, US citizenship is required Desired Qualifications: Cloud-based computing platform and analytic application knowledge, especially in the Microsoft Azure environment SQL and Non-SQL based database working and administration understanding. Direct experience with the application of Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning solutions Previous military/deployment experience a plus. Clearance: Top Secret / SCI clearance is required.
The Data Scientist handles raw data (e.g. structured, unstructured, and mixed datasets), and analyzes data through the application of various statistical techniques or tools.  KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES: The successful candidate should have at least one and preferable more than one of the following skills: Familiar with programming languages such as, but not limited to: R, SAS, Python, MatLab, SQL, Hive, Pig, and Spark. Experienced in working with and exploiting big data; distributed computing; predictive modelling; mathematics; statistics; machine learning; story-telling; and visualization. Demonstrates ability to extract meaning from and interpret data using a variety of tools and methods from statistics and machine learning. Ability to collect, clean, and mung data in a timely manner as part of a cross-functional team in an intelligence, or related, environment. Possesses strong working knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite, including Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, and Word.  QVine Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer—M/F/D/V
Sabel Systems has an opportunity for a data scientist with a background in engineering related to studying and analyzing systems data and performance metrics. Our clients need help in designing and creating a capability for data analytics, one that is iteratively improved following successive "gladiator" competitions between alternate engineering designs. This capability will examine software-in-the-loop (simulations and embedded s/w systems), hardware-in-the-loop (sensors, controllers, circuitry), and live-flight data to develop improvements to behaviors, component technologies (information needed to reduce uncertainties, data rates, etc.), and overall weapon kinetic capabilities (speed, maneuverability). Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position Responsibilities: Develop a baseline set of metrics, and scenario-specific metrics and evaluation criteria, for the challenge problems which frame engineering competitions. Assist in developing means to capture the relevant data. Identify comparison metrics and evaluation methods for the component technologies from external partners. Analyze data for actionable insights. Determine correct data sets and variables Collect large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources Clean and validate the data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity Devise and apply models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data Analyze the data to identify patterns and trends Interpret the data to discover solutions and opportunities Communicate findings to stakeholders using visualization and other means Other duties as assigned Requirements: Demonstrated experience with data analytics tools Demonstrated experience with identifying performance improvements in engineering designs Understanding of digitial twin / digital thread concepts and methodologies Ability to obtain and maintain a Secret clearance Preference given to candidates in the Northern Gulf Coast region US Citizen
Director of Analytics - Marketing & Growth Tri-State Area, NY $150,000 - $170,000 Looking to take the next step in your career? We are working with a leading eCommerce Healthcare brand. THE COMPANY As a Director of Analytics, you will be joining a high growth subscription-based eCommerce healthcare brand. They are at the center of innovation with their technology and products to create naturally based products that maximize both effectiveness and relief. DIRECTOR OF ANALYTICS - ROLE OVERVIEW As the Director of Analytics, you will help promote data-driven decisions throughout product, UX, marketing, and sales. Your success in this role will come from guiding the analytics function in providing valuable insights to various teams and clients to help optimize campaigns and understand marketing trends and user behavior. In doing so, you will communicate these insights to encourage and empower business decisions. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE The successful Director of Analytics will have the following skills and experience: Experience working in a subscription based eCommerce environment required Experience analyzing web, customer, subscription, and product analytics Technical proficiency in SQL, BI tools, and data warehousing required Experience in marketing analytics, marketing spend, and MTA required SALARY AND BENEFITS The successful Director of Analytics can expect a salary of $150,000 - $170,000 dependent on experience, in addition to a comprehensive benefits package HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your resume to Vallon Barnes via the Apply link on this page. KEYWORDS Tableau, SQL, R, Python, Statistics, Power BI, Google Data Studio, Modeling, Regression, Search, SEM, PPC, Location, Google analytics, Mobile, web analytics, Hitwise, Insight, Maxymiser, Sitecatalyst, Omniture, Conversion Optimisation, agency, client, digital analytics, web analyst, digital analyst, digital marketing analyst, eCommerce, senior web analyst, lead web analyst, reporting, analytics, Data Science.
Data Scientists at Zest AI develop radically new methods for manipulation and prediction that will enable us to provide fair, transparent credit. Using a combination of machine learning technology and vast amounts of data sources, we seek to transform the credit market while expanding our team into interesting and revolutionary frontiers within the credit world.In this role you will: Translate unstructured business problems into well-defined machine learning projectsCollaborate with a cross-functional team of Engineers, Product Managers, and Business Analysts to identify and manage high leverage opportunities for modeling workDesign and implement highly generalizable models for predicting various outcomesTake responsibility for modeling implementation in real world settings to solve real world problemsMentor junior team members in modeling artistryWe are looking for: Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative discipline; advanced degrees preferredExpert experience designing, developing, and implementing machine learning models/algorithmsSuccessful Kaggle competition experience is encouragedExtensive programming experience in R or Python and an interest in learning new languages and technologiesKnowledge of data structures and parallelizationPerks and benefits: Robust healthcare plans, matching 401K and unlimited vacation timeWeekly company wide “all hands” meetingsVirtual weekly happy hours, sometimes casual and other times with a focus around topics like racial discrimination and LGBTQ+ historyEmployee care packages to make WFH more enjoyableAbout Zest AI: Zest AI has been perfecting AI for consumer lending decisions since 2009. Our Model Management System helps lenders make better decisions and better loans—increasing revenue, reducing risk, and automating compliance. Our mission is to make fair and transparent credit available to everyone and our software creates some of the most inclusive risk models in the industry. Using Zest-built machine learning software, financial institutions can dramatically expand credit access to deserving people with no added risk. Learn more at Zest.ai and connect with us on Twitter @Zest_AI or our Insights blog.Zest is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion and encourages professionals from underrepresented groups in technology and financial services to apply.Please review our CCPA Policy with regard to applicant and employee personal information here.Job Type: Full-time
Recruitment Information This posting is for the State of Hawaii, Department of Health, Disease Outbreak Control Division Disease Investigation Branch.  The position is located in Downtown on the Island of Oahu.  Up to $5,600 per month, salary commensurate with training & experience  If you have any questions regarding this non-civil service exempt position, please contact Corliss Yoshiura, at (808) 587-6846, or email at Corliss.Yoshiura@doh.hawaii.gov.  The State Recruiting Office will refer all inquiries regarding this exempt position to the Department of Health. Duties Summary Exempt, non-civil service appointment. The primary purpose of this position is to facilitate the study of the distribution and determinants of health-related sates and events as they related to infectious diseases of public health concern as a data scientist to the control of health problems.. The position will facilitate the collection of data and transforming it into a more usable format for analysis and decision-making and for detecting, understanding, controlling, and preventing infectious diseases in the population. Minimum Qualification Requirements EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE: Master's Degree in Epidemiology or health-related field for which the candidate completed and passed at least three (3) epidemiological methods courses, one of which must be an advanced level, and at least two (2) biostatistics courses requiring mastery of large datasets and analyses using a statistical software application. Each qualifying course should have fulfilled a minimum of 2 credits.  KNOWLEDGE: Principles, practices, and techniques of epidemiology analysis; principles and practices of public health and public administration, including the general organization, functions, services, and objectives of public health programs; public health and medical research methods and techniques, including analysis of risk factors; statistical analysis methodology; human and environmental biology and behavioral sciences and principles; community and medical resources; and principles of disease causation. Expertise in network operating systems (e.g., Windows, MAC, IOS, Android, LINUX, UNIX) and data management systems (e.g., SQL, PHP, Oracle), including a firm understanding of data applications, maintenance, and storage systems; web design; and related hardware/software. Working knowledge of information technology industry standards (i.e., TCP/IP, Cloud Computing, loT, Artificial Intelligence).  SKILLS/ABILITIES: Evaluate the relative importance of areas of research; critical thinking; plan, direct, coordinate, and evaluate the work of others; plan, conduct, and evaluate public health epidemiologic research and advise others in these activities; prepare program and budget plans; evaluate program operations; establish and maintain effective working relationships with others; speak and write English effectively, including effective public speaking; prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive reports; and work under pressure and challenging or unusual conditions.  LICENSE: Valid State of Hawaii driver’s license is preferred.  Who May Apply  LEGAL AUTHORIZATION TO WORK REQUIREMENT: The State of Hawaii requires that all persons seeking employment with the government of the State shall be citizens, nationals, or permanent resident aliens of the United States, or eligible under federal law for unrestricted employment in the United States. Other Information This position is exempt from civil service. Therefore, if you are appointed to the position, your employment will be considered to be “at will.”  How to Apply: Submit cover letter, contact information, completed State of Hawai’i Application for Non-Civil Service Appointment, salary requirements, and detailed resume to: Department of Health P.O. Box 3378 Honolulu, Hawaii 96801-3378 Attn: Recruitment & Examination  Visit the Department of Health website at: http://health.hawaii.gov/employment/job-opportunities/.  Recruitment is continuous until needs are met FOR POSITION #123056.  Direct all inquiries regarding this position to: Corliss Yoshiura, at (808) 587-6846, or email at Corliss.Yoshiura@doh.hawaii.gov. This is a temporary, non-civil service exempt position. Employment in such positions is considered to be “at will.”  This is a 12-month appointment, federally funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Epidemiology and Laboratory Capacity (ELC) Cooperative Agreement for the budget period beginning August 1, 2019. Non-competitive continuing applications for this position are available through the end of a five-year grant period, ending July 31, 2024.  The mission of the Department of Health is to protect and improve the health and environment for all people in Hawaii. HDOH supports a diverse-multicultural workforce that reflects the community, promotes equal opportunity at all levels, and creates an inclusive work environment, free from discrimination.  NOTE: The State Recruiting Office will refer you to the Department of Health regarding this exempt position.
Equivalent Experience  100% FULLY REMOTE NO C2C... ONLY W2 Description:Assist with the creation of optimal data pipeline architecture using AWS and Snowflake Construct new data integration workflows and work with application developers to re-engineer existing ones that are based in PHP, Perl, Python, and Oracle. Assist in conceptualizing and developing the architecture that will enable real-time data streaming from a variety of sources, including ‘big data’ and semi-structured types (JSON, Parquet). Work closely with internal data analysts and stakeholders to ensure data needs are being met in the data warehouse and any technical issues are resolved. Ensure strict adherence to data governance and security standards, and advise on new measures. Maintain and update documentation detailing progress and test results to keep project team informed. Prepare data and configure access for analytic and data science tools such as Jaspersoft, Dataiku, Salesforce, and new products. Emphasize automation in all areas of data collection, management, and analysis with auditing for quality assurance. Knowledge: Knowledge of AWS (EC2, Lambda, S3, Data pipeline services) and Snowflake is highly preferred. Oracle and Salesforce knowledge is preferred, along with any experience in the cybersecurity domain. Advanced working SQL knowledge for constructing DML/DDL based on source-to-target logic is essential. Experience with Python for ELT construction and orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow or Luigi. Experience with stream processing systems and big data tools (Spark, Kafka, Snowpipe, etc) Tools/Software: ETL Workflow orchestration tool such as Apache Airflow that requires basic Python coding and/or other job scheduling tools.Docker/RedisSnowflake and features such as Snowpipe that will involve SQL coding.AWS S3 as the raw data repository (data lake) and AWS services specialized for pipeline construction where neededStreaming/Big data frameworks like Spark, KafkaOther cloud platforms (Azure, Google cloud) Top Skills Details: apache airflow, AWS, etl development, Python, Sql, Data warehouse, Big data, Etl, Spark, Agile, Jira Experience Level: Entry Level About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
This position can be based remotely in the continental United StatesPrognos is a NYC-based healthcare company whose mission is to improve health by driving the best actions learned from the world's data. In order to achieve this goal we have curated one of the world’s largest clinical lab datasets, and are currently deploying cutting-edge technology for predicting disease at the earliest possible time.The Mission of the Data Science team at Prognos is to develop, deploy and maintain analytic and machine learning pipelines within Prognos’ products, addressing business-relevant problems in close collaboration with our Engineering, Clinical and Product teams.Candidate Profile and ResponsibilitiesWe are looking for a Data Scientist with a strong sense of data analytics, and intuition on insights extraction from large datasets. This position will be focused on writing both backend and frontend code to surface insights from multiple datasets.You have a strong bias for action in a collaborative environment with a demonstrated track record of communicating clear insights from complex dataYou are proficient in a scripting language (preferably javascript)You are comfortable developing backend systemsYou are a self-starter with a get-it done attitudeYou are nimble and thrive in a fast environment where product specifications change frequently*Candidates must have at least one year of prior professional experience working with large datasets. A bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or a similar quantitative field is preferred but not strictly necessary, depending on industry experience.*Required Skills and Experience*At least two years of professional experience in a software engineering/data analytics context.Professional experience writing production codeExperience using NLP frameworks and sampling and inferential statistics (A/B and hypothesis testing, familiar probability distributions, confidence intervals, regression analysis, comparison of means, etc.)Experience building a modular analytics software libraryExperience with data manipulation in Spark/Dask/Python.Accustomed to working with git and shared codebases.*Preferred Skills and Experience*Experience with common AWS products and tools (EC2, S3, Athena).Bonus points for experience with healthcare data (lab diagnostics/healthcare claims datasets).*About Prognos Health*Prognos is a leading clinically-focused healthcare analytics company with a platform that can query patient-centric data to answer key healthcare questions in minutes not months. The prognosFACTOR™ platform addresses payer, life sciences and provider needs, enabling clients to securely, efficiently and cost effectively analyze billions of lab and health records on more than 325 million de-identified patients. prognosFACTOR is HIPAA compliant and harmonizes and integrates lab data with other healthcare data assets from a trusted and diverse data ecosystem. For more information, visit prognoshealth.com.Values & CultureWe are collaborative. We put team trust and energy ahead of individual stardom. We are humble and willing to admit when wrong.We go above and beyond. We exceed the needs of our partners and are not limited by our job descriptions. We are accountable for our actions, work, decisions, and results.We are purposeful in all that we do. We focus on what matters and prioritize. We think in perspective and see the full picture.We are curious. We learn from solving big problems. We are never satisfied and always strive for a better way. We aim to continually develop ourselves.We are courageous and honest. We are not afraid to speak out. We challenge the process. We deal with conflict head on.We are enthusiastic. We are optimistic for change and a better future. We believe in the greater good. We celebrate accomplishments and have fun.*Our Mission*To improve health by driving the best actions learned from the world’s dataOur VisionTo prevail over disease and empower people everywhere to live life to the fullestSelected PerksFlexible work arrangements (e.g. no set hours), fully remote work, and unlimited PTOHealth InsuranceLife InsuranceLong Term DisabilityDentalVision401(k)HSAFSADependent Care Flexible SpendingCommuter benefitsFree access to One Medical GroupGym discountsFlexible work hours and locationsHealth AdvocateEmployee Stock Option PlanFUi7hIyirdJob Type: Full-time
Data Scientist : ( Exp - 3 to 7 years ) Job Code: DS-1800 Job Description: Python, ML, Panda/Seaborn/Matplotlib Understanding and pre-processing of structured and unstructured data Knowledge of statistics such as skewness, kurtosis, probability density function, data normalization techniques, correlation techniques Presenting information using data visualization techniques Finding patterns in the data Formulation of machine-learning problem statements from the data. Application of ML algorithm and evaluating the performance of a model based on accuracy measures Must have an understanding for ML Overfitting, underfitting, bias, variance, regularization, accuracy metrics Complete hands-on using python and relevant libraries such as pandas, matplotlib, seaborn Knowledge of SQL is essential Critical thinking and problem-solving skills The analytical approach and business understanding We are a Digital Innovation and services company that leverages latest technologies & methodologies to create solution that deliver value for you and your customer. For delivering the best value we want to join our hands and walk hand in hand towards the personal and organizational growth as we believe in making  Your Potential + Our Passion = Digital innovation company.  Kindly share resume on jobs@infogen-labs.com with details Job Code | Yrs of exp | Notice period..... in the subject line.
Our client is looking for a talented professional that is driven to do meaningful work to change healthcare from the inside out. They offer fully paid, low or no-deductible medical, dental and vision insurance for our employees and their families.About the PositionYou will collaborate with Engineering, Product, and Customer Success on a variety of data science projects to support our products, identify gaps in performance, develop new algorithms, and prototype new featuresPerform root cause analysis to identify problems or gaps in our systems and algorithmsAssist in creating short- and long-term roadmaps for improving our algorithms and productsBuild tools to measure, monitor, and improve data quality across a distributed, cloud-based systemImprove machine learning models through feature engineering, algorithm experimentation, and discovering new data sourcesRapidly prototype proof-of-concept features for new and existing productsPerform ad-hoc queries and analyses to answer questions about data quality and availabilityParticipate in team development and project management activities as required for your development, support, and design activitiesAbout YouExperience solving messy, complex problems with real-world dataExcellent hacking skills; the ability to quickly build a POC or make a baseline measurements in order to re-evaluate and iterateGeneral, foundational knowledge in machine learning with bonus points for experience deploying and managing models in productionStrong background in Python and the open-source data science stack and SQL skillsExperience collaborating on a shared codebaseExperience working in a cloud environment (we use AWS)Ability to clearly communicate results to technical and non-technical audiencesSkills You Might HavePreferred: Background in NLP, geocoding/geographic information standardization, MLOps, and/or ML feature extraction/engineering.Preferred: Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Computer Science, Physics, Economics, Math)Preferred: Strong scientific research backgroundPreferred: 1+ years of experience as a data scientist in industryJob Type: Full-timePay: $90,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftCOVID-19 considerations:Our COVID Commitment: VEDA is committed to prioritizing the health, safety and emotional well being of our employees and their families. That means allowing our employees to choose to work remotely until there is a widely available vaccine.Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Experience:Python: 1 year (Required)AWS: 1 year (Required)SQL: 1 year (Required)Machine learning: 1 year (Required)Work Location:Fully Remote
Application Window Open date: September 18th, 2020 Last review date: Monday, Aug 2, 2021 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time) Applications received after this date will be reviewed by the search committee if the position has not yet been filled. Final date: Friday, Mar 18, 2022 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time) Applications will continue to be accepted until this date, but those received after the review date will only be considered if the position has not yet been filled. Position description Specialist Recruitment: Amorim 2020 Summary: This is an opportunity for a specialist position in the Department of Neurology and Weill Institute for Neurosciences at the University of California, San Francisco. Our Neurocritical Care research program is focused on advancing our understanding about the physiology of coma and neurological recovery after injury caused by trauma, cardiac arrest, or epilepsy. Our Neurocritical Care research group employs state-of-the art statistical and machine learning approaches to decode information from massive surface and invasive brain recordings (EEG) as well as integrate this information to neuroimaging and electronic health records datasets. We are pursuing innovative and rigorous scientific research involving consciousness circuits in the brain, seizure prediction and modeling, as well as the effects of medications in brain rhythms and functional recovery after severe injury. You will join a dynamic and multi-disciplinary group of physicians, neuroscientists, and data scientists developing cutting-edge technologies and applications that leverage advanced signal processing, time-series prediction modeling, quantitative neuroimaging, using both traditional machine learning as well as deep learning approaches. We are a diverse team with members from various ethnic, gender, and language backgrounds who are poised to advance methods and knowledge in the neurosciences as well as promote the professional and personal development of all members of our team. This is a specialist position with a focus on Data Science. Therefore, the position is designed to correspond closely to the Data Scientist role in industry and academia. Time range: This position is funded for one year at full-time (100% time), and possibly longer depending on additional funding availability. Qualifications: Required Junior rank: Bachelor’s degree in a field related to computer science, statistics, mathematics, electrical engineering, or computational biology/neuroscience. Assistant or Associate ranks: Master’s degree (or equivalent degree) in a field related to computer science, statistics, mathematics, electrical engineering, or computational biology/neuroscience or five to ten years of relevant experience. Full rank: Terminal degree (or equivalent degree) in a field related to computer science, statistics, mathematics, electrical engineering, or computational biology/neuroscience or ten or more years of relevant experience. Demonstrated proficiency programming in MATLAB or Python as well as ability to create shells for automated analysis of data. Knowledge and familiarity working with Jupyter notebooks and familiarity with version control (GitHub/Git). Ability to work independently and assess need for assistance from supervisor Organizational and efficiency skills including: planning and decision-making abilities to complete assigned duties in a timely manner, attention to detail, logical thinking/analytical abilities and problem-solving skills. Enthusiasm, adaptability, good communication skills, and ability to work with a diverse team. Ability to work and interact positively with people from diverse backgrounds.  The candidate must possess the required qualifications by the time of appointment and the candidate’s CV and/or cover letter must list qualifications (or if pending) upon submission. Preferred Masters or greater degree in a related science, or an equivalent combination of education and experience in computer science, statistics, mathematics, electrical engineering, or computational biology/neuroscience or related field. Knowledge or experience with signal processing analysis such as fourier and wavelet methods using EKG, EEG, NIRS, or other physiologic time-series. Knowledge or experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch. Knowledge of high-performance computing and dynamic modeling methods. Knowledge of database creation and management, such as experience in SQL, MongoDB, or similar platforms. At least six months of experience in direct data management and analysis using medical and or health-related data.  Under the guidance and supervision of the supervisor, you will: Perform data mining, develop algorithms, as well as analysis involving physiological and health records time-series as well as maintain the laboratory’s computational infrastructure and analysis tools. Develop pipelines for data cleaning and preprocessing as well as data integrity tasks with the goal of optimizing and correcting errors, inconsistencies, or missing data needed for analyses. Assist in acquiring and maintaining data acquisition from multiple sources including multimodal physiological time-series, neuroimaging, and electronic health records. Organize, support, and maintain a central large research database with various data types including physiological time-series, neuroimaging, and electronic health records. Assist with user-interface software development. Ensure confidentiality for sensitive documents (protected health information) as per institutional guidelines.  Desirable roles: Opportunity to collaborate with members of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery, and Radiology at UCSF as well as Computer Science and Statistics at UC Berkeley, Harvard Medical School, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Opportunity to career development and seek external funding from funding agencies for projects within our laboratory.  Well-qualified applicants should send the following to https://aprecruit.ucsf.edu/JPF03080: Cover letter (2-page maximum) indicating current and future research interests and expected availability dates; CV (curriculum vitae); A concise list of computational/programming skills, and how they were applied toward prior research questions if applicable; Example(s) of computer programming experience, such as a link to your public Github or MATLAB File Exchange webpage if available; Names and contact information for three references  UC San Francisco seeks candidates whose experience, teaching, research, or community service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence. The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status. Please apply online at https://aprecruit.ucsf.edu/JPF03080. Application Requirements Document requirements Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V. Cover Letter - (2-page maximum) indicating current and future research interests and expected availability dates Misc / Additional - A concise list of computational/programming skills, and how they were applied toward prior research questions, if applicable. Misc / Additional - Example(s) of computer programming experience, such as a link to your public Github or Matlab File Exchange webpage, if available.  (Optional)  Statement of Research (Optional)  Statement of Teaching (Optional)  Statement of Contributions to Diversity (Optional)  Reference requirements 3 required (contact information only) Job location San Francisco, CA
About the Team  At Stitch Fix, our data science team combines machine learning with expert human judgment to generate innovative recommendations and insights that transform the way our clients discover what they love. We believe in a curiosity-driven, data science culture where members have autonomy to deliver impact through end-to-end, full-stack product development and ownership. The diversity of the problems that we work on and the data-rich environment of our business make it possible, even essential, to bring the tools of multiple disciplines to bear on our hardest problems. As a $2B+ company we are looking for data scientists and leaders to join us in the revolutionization of retail.  The shop recommendations team leverages personalization algorithms to power the Shop experience, which involves a combination of modeling style, outfit recommendations, and expanding Stitch Fix's total addressable market. In doing so, this team builds capabilities that explore a client's stylistic preferences and then use those to produce rankings over best items and outfits in real-time.  About the Role  In this role you will contribute to building the future of personalized apparel shopping: we are moving beyond the paradox of choice to generate and present unique content to clients tailored to their particular needs at any given time. Whether it's for clients finding an item for a special occasion, discovering something that fits their existing wardrobe, or just wanting to get inspired - Stitch Fix's Shop aims to do it all while personalizing styles for the client's aesthetic, size, fit and price comfort zone.  This is a new, growing, and exciting area for the business in which you will get the opportunity to work cross-functionally with Strategy, Product, Merchandising, Marketing and Engineering business partners to build these capabilities from the ground up!  YOU'RE EXCITED ABOUT THIS OPPORTUNITY BECAUSE YOU WILLâ€¦ Solve problems related to real-time personalization, recommendations and ranking, seasonality and diversity, category generation and discovery, multimodal search, latent representation, etc. Experiment and build new 0 to 1 algorithmic capabilities that deliver personalized content to clients Productionize models together with our very helpful data platform team for real-time applications Leverage unique data about our clients, our merchandise, and their interactions across all Stitch Fix surfaces Work with our product and engineering teams to create roadmaps for developing new client products, user features, data flywheels, and infrastructure WE'RE EXCITED ABOUT YOU BECAUSEâ€¦ You have production machine learning experience and are proficient in deploying apps in Python You have a degree in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Statistics, Physics or a related field. You have strong cross-functional, communication skills that help simplify and move complex problems forward with business partners You are a compassionate teamplayer and you see your growth and success entangled with the growth and success of your peers You are innovative and inspired to take on new challenges and you do not shy away from potential failure You possess a solid understanding of ML & engineering and want to grow even deeper in the field You think about ethics in AI, the impact of machine learning on society, and want to bring that to bear in our work here  Why you'll love working at Stitch Fix...  We are a group of people who are bright, kind and motivated by challenges. You can be your authentic self here, and are empowered to encourage others to do the same! We are a successful, fast-growing company at the forefront of tech and fashion, redefining retail for the next generation We are a technologically and data-driven business We are committed to our clients and connected through our vision of "Transforming the way people find what they love" We love solving problems, thinking creatively and trying new things We believe in autonomy & taking initiative We are challenged, developed, and have meaningful impact We take what we do seriously. We don't take ourselves seriously We have a smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right & is open to new ideas We offer competitive compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits You will be proud to say that you work for Stitch Fix and will know that the work you do brings joy to our clients every day  About Stitch Fix  At Stitch Fix, we're about personal styling for everybody and we believe in both a service and a workplace where you can be your best, most authentic self. We're the first fashion retailer to combine technology and data science with the human instinct of a Stylist to deliver a deeply personalized shopping experience. This novel juxtaposition attracts a highly diverse group of talented people who are both thinkers and doers. All of this results in a simple, powerful offering to our customers and a successful, growing business serving millions of men, women, and kids. We believe we are only scratching the surface on our opportunity, and we're looking for incredible people like you to help us carry on that trend.  Please review Stitch Fix's Recruiting Privacy Policy here: https://www.stitchfix.com/privacy/usrecruitingprivacy
About the Team  Meltwater’s Research & Analytics team is making data-driven decisions a reality. We are data advocates - making high quality product and customer behavior data and analyses easily accessible, to enable Meltwater Product, Customer Success, and Executive teams to make better decisions and to better support our customers. We are a distributed team, with team members in the San Francisco Bay Area, Austria, and Sweden; we regularly interact with teams in our offices all around the globe. We offer a flexible remote work policy. We are an Agile team, using the Kanban methodology for managing our daily work. Our stakeholders include:  The Product team - we build metrics that help them identify the next great feature, and measure whether or not they’ve hit the mark once it’s released  The Executive team - we provide them with the engagement metrics associated with churned and renewing customers and analyses and recommendations to drive strategy  The Customer Success and Sales teams - we provide them with customer engagement data so that they can identify customers that need help the most  Job Description  The Business Intelligence Analyst is a cross-functional role, where the core of the position centers around analytics, but also requires strong technical skills related to integrations, ETL, and BI visualizations and analysis. Our Business Intelligence Analyst will work across our entire life cycle:  Working with our wide range of stakeholders to identify their tracking requirements, and work with our Agile Engineering teams to implement them  Once the data is captured, building ETL tools to update our data warehouse  Analyzing data and building visualizations with tools like Tableau and Amplitude  Coaching our product organization, to help them use our tools to analyze their own teams’ data  SKILLS & REQUIREMENTS Must have:  Strong analytical and critical thinking skills and a demonstrated ability to find creative solutions to technical problems  Strong verbal and written communication skills  Strong SQL skills, and experience with relational databases (Aurora, MySQL)  Database design / data warehouse experience  Advanced skills with at least one BI tool (Tableau, PowerBI, Amplitude, Excel, Looker, etc)  ETL tool experience (Pentaho and similar tools)  Nice to have:  Familiarity with AWS (Amazon Web Services) technologies such as Redshift, Aurora, S3  Experience with Segment.io  Experience working in an Agile development environment  Where we can hire  The Research & Analytics team is primarily based in San Francisco; we are open to remote candidates that are willing to work Pacific time zone hours, and reside in one of the states listed here. We are not able to offer sponsorship opportunities for work visas at this time.  Education  A BS/BA degree, or equivalent qualification, in computer science or a related discipline GREAT PLACE TO WORK Competitive Salary Fresh fruits & free drinks Internal hackathons Personal Branding Support Ergonomic desks and chairs Great hardware Opportunities to travel in Europe and the U.S. Open Source Contributions Conferences and Tech Talks I'm interested About the Team Meltwater’s Research & Analytics team is making data-driven decisions a reality. We are data advocates - making high quality product and customer behavior data and analyses easily accessible, to enable Meltwater Product, Customer Success, and Executive teams to make better decisions and to better support our customers. We are a distributed team, with team members in the San Francisco Bay Area, Austria, and Sweden; we regularly interact with teams in our offices all around the globe. We offer a flexible remote work policy. We are an Agile team, using the Kanban methodology for managing our daily work. Our stakeholders include: The Product team - we build metrics that help them identify the next great feature, and measure whether or not they’ve hit the mark once it’s released The Executive team - we provide them with the engagement metrics associated with churned and renewing customers and analyses and recommendations to drive strategy The Customer Success and Sales teams - we provide them with customer engagement data so that they can identify customers that need help the most Job Description The Business Intelligence Analyst is a cross-functional role, where the core of the position centers around analytics, but also requires strong technical skills related to integrations, ETL, and BI visualizations and analysis. Our Business Intelligence Analyst will work across our entire life cycle: Working with our wide range of stakeholders to identify their tracking requirements, and work with our Agile Engineering teams to implement them Once the data is captured, building ETL tools to update our data warehouse Analyzing data and building visualizations with tools like Tableau and Amplitude Coaching our product organization, to help them use our tools to analyze their own teams’ data SKILLS & REQUIREMENTS Must have: Strong analytical and critical thinking skills and a demonstrated ability to find creative solutions to technical problems Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong SQL skills, and experience with relational databases (Aurora, MySQL) Database design / data warehouse experience Advanced skills with at least one BI tool (Tableau, PowerBI, Amplitude, Excel, Looker, etc) ETL tool experience (Pentaho and similar tools) Nice to have: Familiarity with AWS (Amazon Web Services) technologies such as Redshift, Aurora, S3 Experience with Segment.io Experience working in an Agile development environment Where we can hire The Research & Analytics team is primarily based in San Francisco; we are open to remote candidates that are willing to work Pacific time zone hours, and reside in one of the states listed here. We are not able to offer sponsorship opportunities for work visas at this time. Education A BS/BA degree, or equivalent qualification, in computer science or a related discipline GREAT PLACE TO WORK Competitive Salary Fresh fruits & free drinks Internal hackathons Personal Branding Support Ergonomic desks and chairs Great hardware Opportunities to travel in Europe and the U.S. Open Source Contributions Conferences and Tech Talks ABOUT THE COMPANY Meltwater, a pioneer of media intelligence and now Outside Insight, gives businesses the information advantage they need to stay ahead. More than 30,000 companies have used Meltwater’s media intelligence to stay on top of billions of online conversations and extract relevant insights to strategically manage their brands. Meltwater is dedicated to personal, global service built on the local expertise of 55 offices across six continents. Meltwater is also committed to fostering the data science ecosystem through MEST, a pan-African entrepreneurial program and incubator, and Shack15, a global data science community. Learn more at meltwater.com. All of our solutions are fully web-based, offered as a service, and based on a modern technology stack. This is your opportunity to be part of a small agile team within a big multinational organization! We are more than 2000 people across the globe, so there is a lot going on. We believe in diversity and inclusion, and building teams with a wide variety of backgrounds and perspectives. This approach not only raises the quality of our products for our customers, but makes collaboration along the way much more fun. Read our underthehood blog to see which problems our engineers are solving. Also have a look at what life is like at Meltwater and visit our company profiles on LinkedIn, Xing, Facebook, and Twitter. Equal Opportunity Meltwater is firmly committed to affording equal employment opportunities to all candidates and employees alike without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, marital status disability, veteran status and we treat each individual with respect and dignity. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available at: http://bit.ly/2KBm9Ei And “EEO is the Law Supplement” poster is available at: http://bit.ly/2Kmxnxd On-Line Accessibility Directive: If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us here for assistance. Patty Boskin | Contact Person  Send e-mail I'm interested + - Leaflet Meltwater Product & Engineering  USA  Visit website
We are hiring a Machine Learning (ML) Image Application Engineer. You will be working at an exciting startup company in Princeton, New Jersey.Your main responsibilities are the following, but not limited to them:Essential DutiesMachine learning (ML) for image application and its integration with CloudWork with an R&D team for application development, and performance tuningService integration with the customer service platformRequirementsM.S./BS in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering or related fieldSolid machine learning (ML) and image processing skills with TensorFlow and OpenCVData analysis skills to analyze image data in algorithm development for new applicationsSolid programming skills in PythonNice to haveKnowledge and experience of statistical data analysis using R or scikit-learnKnowledge and experience of database, data manipulation and queryingKnowledge and experience of application development on mobile phonesJob Type: Full-time
Position KAYAK is looking for people who love working with data and have a strong interest in machine learning systems, from recommender systems to reinforcement learning to vision to natural language processing. Good candidates will be well-versed in recent advances in machine learning and will be comfortable quickly testing and iterating on new ideas. Positions at different levels of seniority are available. KAYAK Labs, specifically, is a cross-cutting team focused on riskier projects and innovation across the business. Leveraging ML/AI, optimization, and our unique data assets, we aim for novel, impactful products and breakthrough improvements. We seek to distinguish our brand, to delight our users, and to help our customers experience the world through travel with confidence and peace-of-mind. As part of the Labs team, you'll collaborate with strong researchers and engineers, and your work will have tangible impact. You will be challenged; you will have an opportunity to shape our business, and by extension, the wider travel industry. You will expand your competence and explore new technologies at the intersection of AI, data engineering, computation, and product delivery at scale. Responsibilities Frame, design and execute your own solutions to modeling problems that will improve user experience and/or optimize key metrics important to the business. Conduct experiments and engage in rapid-prototyping of ideas, making creative use of the data and resources at your disposal. Implement designs in a stable, maintainable, and scalable production-ready form. Extract, process and leverage massive amounts of data to drive successful projects. Engage in group problem-solving, and collaborative team efforts. Communicate and share results in a clear and concise manner. Qualifications Comfortable with math, statistics, systems design and coding to the extent necessary to tackle industrial machine learning and data science challenges. A PhD in a quantitative field (computer science, statistics, mathematics, operations research, science, engineering, etc.), is preferred and is a good indicator of sufficient preparation, but is not strictly required: what you can do (or quickly learn to do) is more important. Exposure to a minimum introductory level treatment of the core concepts and methods in machine learning, and some applied experience deploying those methods towards solving data science problems. Familiarity with current machine learning development ecosystems (Python, PyTorch / TensorFlow, Git, etc.) Comfortable collaborating in a dynamic, cross-functional team: you know how to listen, ask questions, build consensus, advocate (with data), and share success. You are willing to assume leadership and ownership over technological, business, or team responsibilities. Strong written and verbal communication skills: you can communicate clearly and effectively with peers and non-technical stakeholders alike. You can explain your plan for solving a business problem clearly, and document your work concisely. Bonus Qualifications Working knowledge of advanced machine learning theory and methods, whether through experience or (graduate) coursework. Direct experience applying ML/AI in a business environment, and experience distilling high-level business challenges down to concrete modeling problems. Familiarity with bash scripting, relational databases. Familiarity with CI/CD tools and procedures, containerization, and horizontal scaling in latency sensitive ML-centric / production inference settings. Research publication track-record. About KAYAK At KAYAK we help millions of travelers around the globe make confident travel decisions. KAYAK searches other sites to show travelers the information they need to find the right flights, hotels, rental cars and vacation packages and is the world's leading travel search engine. As an employee of KAYAK, you will be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAK's portfolio of metasearch brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined. Many employees are dedicated to one brand, but we all have the benefit of using each other's strengths and insights. Together, we're able to help people experience the world through dining and travel. KAYAK is part of Booking Holdings Inc. and operates sites in more than 60 countries and territories. Benefits and Perks 4 weeks paid vacation Day off on your birthday Generous retirement plans Awesome health, dental and vision insurance plans Flexible Spending Accounts Headspace Subscription No stupid meetings Drinks, coffee, snacks, games etc.* Weekly catered lunches* Flexible hours Free massages from a professional massage therapist* Regular team events/excursions* Universal Paid Parental leaveCurrently paused due to covid Diversity and Inclusion at OpenTable/ KAYAK We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve. We know that when we have diverse teams we produce more innovative ideas, products, services, and better business outcomes for our stakeholders. OpenTable/KAYAK is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. Whoever you are, just be you. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
We invite you to apply for an Assistant Scientist position in our Theory and Modeling Group within our Nanoscience and Technology Division (NST).   Research efforts include, but are not limited to, areas such as development and application of new AI/ML algorithms applied to materials science and chemistry, scientific applications in computational nanoscience, development of data infrastructure to enable nanoscience, and theory of nanostructured materials.   Position Responsibilities:  Perform basic research in computational nanoscience, data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning and high performance computing, working across the Nanoscience & Technology and in collaboration with other divisions within the Physical Sciences Directorate as well as the Mathematics and Computer Science Divisions at Argonne. Perform basic and translative research in support of the Center for Nanoscale Materials user science community. Perform both independent and collaborative research with Argonne scientists relevant to the US Department of Energy (50%). Publish results of independent and collaborative research in refereed journals and make presentations at meetings, conferences, symposia and seminars. Assist in proper execution and reporting of projects for CNM, DOE and other outside sponsoring sources. Establish and maintain a vibrant and productive collaborative program with CNM users (50%). Stay abreast of progress in pertinent fields and to assist the CNM and user community. Support end-users with HPC operations/maintenance issues using the cluster, optimizing job submissions, getting a full understanding of workflows, and software installation support. Provide work direction to postdoctoral appointees, research assistants, students and technical staff working on projects within their area of responsibility.   Education and Experience Requirements Knowledge, Skills and Experience:  Expertise in high performance computing (HPC) administration and HPC operations/maintenance is highly desirable. Experience in managing vendor relationships as it pertains to hardware, cloud, and managed support services. Experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data science applied to materials science and/or nanoscience. Ability of formulating scientific problems in the design and theory of nanoscale systems for applications relevant to the DOE portfolio. Ability formulating scientific issues, data management, and high performance computing. Strong oral and written communication skills and the ability to work with internal and external contacts and achieve established goals. Experience in understanding abstract concepts and synthesizing results within the current experimental and theoretical framework. Ability in designing high-quality experiments and/or theories to address relevant scientific issues. Experience in additional areas of chemistry, physics, and materials science. The knowledge and skills required to function in this position would typically be achieved through a PhD in one of the basic sciences or engineering with educational or experiential focus on nanoscience. Job Family Research Development (RD) Job Profile Materials/Ceramics/Metallurgical 2 Worker Type Regular Time Type Full time As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department. All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment.
WHAT WE WANTFriendFinder Networks is looking for a Data Scientist with the primary responsibility to query and analyze large disparate datasets looking for relationships and trends typically related to increasing revenue, improving membership conversions, fraud detection and prevention, and providing actionable insights for solutions to business problems. You will communicate your findings and make presentations to senior management on a regular basis. Your contributions will ensure FriendFinder Networks will continue to provide our customers the best possible user experience for everyone who visits our web sites 24 hours a day, every day of the year, all over the world.WHAT YOU WILL DOAnalyze complex data to provide recommendations for maximizing profitable revenue, traffic conversion opportunities, and reducing costs to support business objectivesPerform data analysis to support executive decisionsWork with stakeholders identifying and defining operational problems, plan project strategy, and define data requirementsPerform complete queries across multiple database/servers, and ideally, stored procedures, user defined functions, events, etc.Dive into complex data sets to analyze trends, identify opportunities and quantify the potential value of new initiativesCollect and evaluate data gathered from multiple sources and abstract up from low-level information to a better understanding to present to management and executivesAble to define business requirements for reporting, dashboards, analytics and ad-hoc reporting for various Business UnitsEffectively communicate findings to non-technical stakeholders and senior leadershipWHAT YOU MUST HAVEBachelor’s degree in applied or technical discipline (CS, Math, Statistics, Engineering or similar) is required2 years’ of relevant business analysis experience2 years’ Google Analytics experience preferredExperience with R/S-Plus, SPSS, SAS, STATA (or similar), MS SQL Server Analysis Services, etc. is requiredProgramming or scripting language experience would be advantageous (e.g., Perl)Statistical background with experience in regression analysis, correlation analysis, clustering , machine learningMust be comfortable with adult contentMust be at least 21 years oldWHAT IS PREFERABLE TO HAVEHands on advanced experience with MYSQL, writing queriesAdvanced MS Excel (e.g., pivot tables, MS query, array formulae, user-defined functions, etc.)Demonstrated ability designing effective solutions to complex problems; intuitive/natural aptitude for problem solvingSolid track record of ownership of projects and adept at working independently with little supervisionArticulate and comfortable communicating with colleagues, different teams, and all levels of managementWHAT YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO DEMONSTRATEDemonstrated strong analytical skillsTeam-player, positive attitude and flexibleExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to handle multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlinesShould have a high degree of honesty and integrityShould be a team-player, positive attitude and flexibleREPORTING TO THIS POSITION: No direct reportsPERKS FriendFinder Networks Inc. and its subsidiaries offer a business casual work environment, flexible work hours, and a competitive salary. The benefits package includes:401(k) with a 5% match on eligible earnings with no vesting periodMedical (Kaiser HMO, Aetna PPO), Dental, and VisionFlexible Spending Account for Healthcare and Dependent CareLife Insurance, AD&D, LTD and Short and Long Term DisabilityPaid Time Off (20 days PTO) and Holiday Pay (12 company paid holidays off)Employee Assistance ProgramCommuter Benefits529 Education PlanTuition ReimbursementHealth Club ReimbursementABOUT USFriendFinder Networks is an international leader in social media founded in 1996 by Andrew Conru. Originally started as a main-stream social networking site, the company quickly adapted to consumer preferences, and branched out into different social media verticals. Andrew Conru is still directing FriendFinder Networks’ vision for pioneering new development of innovative and social media technology connecting people every day all over the world.OUR HUMANITY (Equal Opportunity Employer)At FriendFinder Networks we are proud to celebrate diversity of people for the benefit of our employees, our products, and the global community we all belong to.It is the policy of FriendFinder Networks Inc., and its subsidiaries, to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment. All employment practices such as recruitment, selection, promotions, and other terms and conditions of employment are administered in a manner designed to ensure that employees and applicants for employment or services are not subjected to discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, medical condition, disability, marital status, religious or political preferences or union affiliation.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearCOVID-19 considerations:All FriendFinder Network employees are working remotely until further notice due to the Covid-19 pandemic. All interviews are conducted by video conferencing.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Working with complex data sets: 1 year (Preferred)Wring SQL queries: 1 year (Preferred)
WarCollar Industries is seeking a Data Scientist to work on an Agency-level Cyber Security support contract. The Data Scientist will use his/her talent to curate raw data for transport and processing in a cloud environment. The Data Scientist will: Track submissions of data for processing by the Extraction, Transformation, and Loading (ETL) Team through ingestion into the Sponsor’s applications Match data records in the Sponsor’s data management system to the Enterprise Data Management system. Troubleshoot and correct data records in coordination with the ETL Team. Conduct metrics reports on data collected and processed using Sponsor provided tools. Manage user access control to the Sponsor’s data management system. Collect new user requirements and design and build functionality for the Sponsor’s existing data management system and financial applications in the Cloud environment. Manage, mitigate, and implement plans of actions for system security accreditation. Support tasks requiring collecting, compiling, evaluating, and publishing information and statistical data included in documents, records, forms, reports, plans, policies, and regulations. Required Experience/Skills: Demonstrated experience in an Agile Scrum team environment. Demonstrated experience with strategic planning and working with financial data sets. Demonstrated experience presenting financial data to non-financial experts. Demonstrated experience in data management to include registering and tracking data via data management processes and data discovery and analysis within unstructured data. User Interface/User Experience (UI/UX) development. Demonstrated experience with web stack technologies and software design. Demonstrated experience with DevOps CI/CD pipeline principles and SecDevOps best practices. Demonstrated experience with ElasticSearch, MySQL, RDS, Neo4j, Apache Tomcat, Apache Spark, Hadoop, SOLR, JDBC, ANT, Active Directory, LDAP, Regex, SQL, and JSON. Demonstrated experience with Linux CentOS, GitHub, Jenkins, and DevOps process. Demonstrated experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Demonstrated experience with the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC). 19. Demonstrated experience using Agile Scrum development methodology. 20. Demonstrated experience using issue tracking applications such as Jira (preferred) or similar. 21. Demonstrated experience using team collaboration tools such as Confluence (preferred) or similar. 22. Demonstrated experience with scripting and programming languages such as Python, Bash, PowerShell, Java, JavaScript, Node.js, React, Angular, Spring, Swagger, or C/C++/C#. Demonstrated experience using Assessment and Authorization (A&A) framework. 24. Demonstrated experience tracking product licenses use within a Stand-Alone network. 25. Demonstrated experience designing and implementing technical solutions within Stand-Alone network. Optional Skills: Demonstrated experience understanding data backup schemes such as hot, cold, and incremental. Demonstrated experience using relational database structures such as tables, rows, and columns. Demonstrated experience in forensics accounting. Demonstrated experience with testing tools such as Selenium. Optional Certifications: AWS Certified Solutions Architect, AWS Certified Developer, Project Management Professional (PMP), Certified Scrum Master (CSM), Professional Scrum Master (PSM), Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist (CAMS), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), Certified Financial Crimes Specialist (CFCS), and/or DevOps Certification Candidates must be United States citizens, hold an active Top Secret clearance with Secure Compartmented Information (TS/SCI), and have a positively adjudicated polygraph to be considered for this position. About us: WarCollar Industries, LLC is a veteran-owned small business. We maintain a team of cybersecurity experts committed to protecting complicated data and distribution systems and providing decision makers with the most accurate assessment of residual risk possible. We work with our clients to solve the toughest challenges in the ever-evolving digital landscape. Services include network defense, computer network attack, secure network design, penetration testing and vulnerability assessment. WarCollar enables its clients to find, fix, stop, and ultimately solve cybersecurity problems across their entire enterprise. WarCollar offers generous benefits including: Medical insurance premium coverage; PTO based on billable hours; federal holidays plus your birthday; matching 401k, education reimbursement plus paid training days; performance bonuses; referral bonuses; government shutdown protection; monthly team building events plus two major social events annually. WarCollar Industries, LLC is an equal opportunity employer. WarCollar does not discriminate in employment based upon race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, status as a protected military veteran, or other non-merit factor.  cuLkxjWnpg
Nestria is a network for learning and careers. We are seeking talented & experienced tech professionals to offer mentorship to applicants seeking jobs in the tech industry, and offer group mentorship sessions or classes to help their career journeys.The primary thing that a mentee is looking for is support in their career. A lot of people will be in an early phase of their career where they are just starting out in an industry. They want help searching for a job, and understanding the different directions in which they can develop their career.Ideal candidates are currently working in the tech industry. Feel free to apply if you think that you have adequate credentials to mentor job seekers for tech industry jobs in software development or data science.Job Type: Part-timePay: $18.00 - $100.00 per hourCOVID-19 considerations:All mentoring is currently delivered via video calls from a remote setting.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Web development: 1 year (Preferred)Language:English (Required)Work Location:Fully Remote
Job Description:  Turing.com is looking for a Data Scientist on behalf of a B2B lead generation company offering pre-qualified leads, SEO, and affiliate marketing services. As a selected candidate, your primary role will be to make value out of data. The candidate will have to discover the information hidden in the vast amounts of data and help the team in making smart decisions. The data scientist will focus on applying data mining techniques, analyzing statistical data, and making quality predictions to add value to the company's services. This is an exciting opportunity for someone looking to explore their creative side and grow quickly in a startup.  Job Responsibilities:  Mining data using state-of-the-art methods Building and optimizing classifiers using the various techniques of machine learning Processing and verifying the integrity of data Presenting results in a clean and clear manner Writing clean, efficient, and reusable code  Job Requirements:  Bachelor's Degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science and Statistics Prior experience as Data Scientist Proficiency in statistical computing Proficient in Python, Jupyter Labs/Notebooks Experience in web scraping, REST APIs, such as Selenium, Beautiful Soup, and all JSON APIs Understanding of developing statistical and predictive models, such as regression, supervised / unsupervised learning techniques  This job will be open for applications until 26-04-21. If you’ve missed this opportunity, check out more Turing jobs here: https://turing.com/MVWl3E  Here’s everything you need to know to become a Remote Data Scientist at Turing: https://turing.com/0EOPyr  All geared up to become a Turing remote developer? Take our exciting coding challenge now: https://turing.com/8rjL9V
Serve as a member of BitSight's dynamic Data Science team. The team’s primary focus is to understand corporate cybersecurity at Internet scale. Using BitSight’s world-class petascale cybersecurity dataset, the team works to develop algorithms and models that measure cybersecurity performance and risk. Members of the Data Science team collaborate closely with BitSight’s product and engineering teams to develop new products and customer-facing features. The team also works closely with the marketing team to share results of internal research.  For this position, we are open to hiring candidates at any level - Data Scientist, Senior Data Scientist or Principal Data Scientist.  Objectives & Responsibilities  Research and develop techniques for measuring cybersecurity performance at scale Develop methods for estimating risk due to cybersecurity measures Develop techniques for extracting firmographics from a variety of data sources Visualization and presentation for products and external publications Conduct research and reporting on the security environment and data landscape Conduct research, writing, and presentations in support of marketing activities and customer engagements to promote key findings and capabilities and explain data and ratings concepts Apply data science and machine learning to other challenges within BitSight including but not limited to the modeling of customer data, sales opportunities, company asset discovery, and cybersecurity research tools  Expected Skills  Ownership mentality and entrepreneurial drive, proven ability to work autonomously Strong technical background with expertise in machine learning, statistics, or data-driven social science (e.g., Economics); or data-driven cybersecurity Strong communication and analytical skills including the ability to identify and frame initially vague problems and communicate solutions Experience using Python for data analytics Familiarity with distributed data processing and data storage technologies Basic knowledge of computer networks  Desired Skills  Strong programming skills Bachelor's Degree 2+ years of experience as a Data Scientist Master's Degree 1+ years of experience as a Data Scientist PhD Degree in a relevant field Experience with big data platforms such as Spark or Hadoop Working knowledge of cybersecurity and networking  Education  Ph.D. or Masters in a quantitative field, or equivalent industry experience  Work Location  Boston, MA, Raleigh, NC, or Lisbon, Portugal preferred. Remote candidates with demonstrated ability to work independently may be considered
Summary Posted: Jul 19, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200220514 Play a part in the ongoing revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing through voice interaction. Advance groundbreaking technology for large-scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people all around the world get things done — just by saying ‘Hey Siri.’ Join the Siri team at Apple. The Siri Understanding team is looking for a machine learning engineer/scientist to develop and advance a frictionless voice invocation experience on Apple’s innovative devices enabling compelling new conversational features for Siri interactions. WYou should be eager to do hands-on work to improve and build features to improve overall Siri capabilities. You should enjoy working in a constantly evolving environment with changing priorities, be passionate about using new technologies to solve real problems and to improve the state of intelligent assistants. The Siri _Understanding_ team is looking for exceptionally skilled and creative Engineers/Scientists eager to get involved in hands-on work improving the Siri experience via applied machine learning and enabling these improvements for all Siri users worldwide._ Key Qualifications Strong background in machine learning and deep learning; experience in speech, speaker, and/or language recognition a plus, but not required Solid foundation in machine learning fundamentals, such as classification, feature engineering, clustering, semi-supervised learning, and domain adaptation Excellent software engineering abilities — including proficiency in deep learning / machine learning frameworks (e.g., PyTorch, TensorFlow) and scripting languages (e.g., Python, bash) — with an interest in optimizing and scaling systems globally Excellent data analytical skills with strong attention to detail and the ability to dive into data to explain anomalies and conduct error/deviation analyses Outstanding problem solving, critical thinking, creativity, organizational, and interpersonal skills; ability to work and communicate effectively with all levels of engineers, scientists, managers, and cross-functional partners Description The Siri Understanding team is looking for exceptional individuals to extend the core technology that let Siri interact and understand. You will be part of a cross-functional team consisting of software engineers as well as machine learning engineers/scientists and having a large impact on the Siri product. This is a unique opportunity to apply machine learning and deep learning techniques at the intersection of various areas such as speech recognition, visual understanding, natural language processing, multi-modal, TTS and dialogue management. You should be creative, proactive, and ready to communicate and collaborate with multiple teams. Education & Experience B.S. or M.S. or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience
Data Engineer - 83844 Data Science - USA Columbia, Maryland The Data Engineer’s primary responsibility in the Audio Data Science team is to develop creative solutions to support the data and analysis infrastructure and pipeline which underpins the survey quality for all Nielsen Audio survey products. In order to deliver high quality standards, the Data Scientist will work as subject matter expert on a team of analysts to establish, maintain and continuously improve data tools supporting the Audio data science team. Tasks will include developing system enhancements, procedural and technological documentation, working with cross functional teams to implement solutions into production systems, supporting survey methodology enhancement projects, and supporting client facing data requests. What will I do? Maintain and continuously improve the data infrastructure and analysis framework for the Audio Data Science team Research and develop new technology solutions to meet the needs of upcoming big data projects Transition the data science tech infrastructure away from legacy systems Work with cross-functional teams to implement and validate enhanced audience measurement methodologies Build and refine data queries from large relational databases/data warehouses/data lakes for various analyses and/or requests Utilize tools such as Python, Tableau, AWS, Databricks etc. to independently develop, test and implement high quality custom, modular code to perform complex data analysis, visualizations, and answer client queries Maintain and update comprehensive documentation on departmental procedures, checklists and metrics Implement prevention and detection controls to ensure data integrity, as well as detect and address quality escapes Work closely with internal customers and IT personnel to improve current processes and engineer new methods, frameworks and data pipelines Work as an integral member of the Audio Data Science team in a time-critical production environment Key tasks include – but are not limited to – data integration, data harmonization, automation, examining large volumes of data, identifying & implementing methodological, process & technology improvements Develop and maintain the underlying infrastructure to support forecasting & statistical models, machine learning solutions, big data pipelines (from internal and external sources) used in a production environment Is this for me? Undergraduate or graduate degree in mathematics, statistics, engineering, computer science, economics, business or fields that employ rigorous data analysis. Must be proficient with Python (and Spark/Scala) to develop sharable software with the appropriate technical documentation Experience utilizing Gitlab, Git or similar to manage code development Experience utilizing Apache Spark, Databricks & Airflow Expertise with Tableau, or other data visualization software and techniques Experience in containerization such as Docker and/or Kubernetes Expertise in querying large datasets with SQL and of working with Oracle, Netezza, Data Warehouse and Data Lake data structures Experience in leveraging CI/CD pipelines Experience utilizing cloud computing platforms such as AWS, Azure, etc Strong ability to proactively gather information, work independently as well as within an multi disciplinary team Preferred experience Knowledge of machine learning and data modeling techniques such as Time Series, Decision Trees, Random Forests, SVM, Neural Networks, Incremental Response Modeling, and Credit Scoring Knowledge of survey sampling methodologies Knowledge of statistical tests and procedures such as ANOVA, Chi-squared, Correlation, Regression, etc ABOUT NIELSEN As the arbiter of truth, Nielsen Global Media fuels the media industry with unbiased, reliable data about what people watch and listen to. To discover what’s true, we measure across all channels and platforms⁠—from podcasts to streaming TV to social media. And when companies and advertisers are armed with the truth, they have a deeper understanding of their audiences and can accelerate growth. Do you want to move the industry forward with Nielsen? Our people are the driving force. Your thoughts, ideas and expertise can propel us forward. Whether you have fresh thinking around maximizing a new technology or you see a gap in the market, we are here to listen and take action. Our team is made strong by a diversity of thoughts, experiences, skills, and backgrounds. You’ll enjoy working with smart, fun, curious colleagues, who are passionate about their work. Come be part of a team that motivates you to do your best work! Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Job Type: Regular Primary Location: Columbia,Maryland Secondary Locations: , , , Travel: No
Job Description: Apply today to join our team! The Data Analyst works with employees, management, department representatives, and other data analysts from across the organization to improve data governance, and to help move the organization toward a more strategic use of data to meet organizational goals. Gathers data from multiple internal databases and systems, as well as information from third-party data sources Reviews data for quality assurance, quality control, completeness and correctness, including verifying to the extent possible that data for any specific field is present, is the appropriate data type, is within an expected value range, and that it is consistent with any metadata available Works to gain a thorough understanding of the data systems used by the organization, including systems operated internally, hosted systems, and third-party systems, and to understand the relationships and dependencies between the data in these various systems Works to help with data extracts, data formatting, application of business rules to data, and other functions necessary to provide data for internal reporting, dashboards, and exchange with third-party providers Performs data analysis to gain a better understanding of the data, and to identify trends or patterns in the data, including the use of statistical methods or concepts such as regression fit analysis, probability distributions, and correlation Uses data science methods, primarily clustering and classification, to build predictive models to help with decision making and to help in targeting actionable data that can be used to reduce risk, increase financial opportunities, make better use of time spent by employees, and improve member service, member satisfaction, and member experience. Uses programming tools such as Python, R, Java, C, C++, or others to extract, analyze, summarize, and validate data Uses SQL programming to work with relational databases such as Microsoft Access, Microsoft SQL, SQLite, PostgreSQL, or others to extract, analyze, summarize, and validate data Uses data visualization tools such as Excel, Power BI, Tableau, or others to analyze, and summarize data in order to help others in understanding data characteristics, patterns, and trends, and to provide high-level representations of data to inform decision-making Works with employees, management, department representatives, and other data analysts from across the organization to improve data governance, and to help move the organization toward a more strategic use of data to meet organizational goals Works with management to make recommendations to assist with strategic planning, and improving performance, production, and employee and member experience Attain and maintain working knowledge of all A+ products and services Maintain member confidentiality For information about our benefits, please click the following link: https://aplusfcu.org/about-us/career-opportunities/benefits    Job Requirements: Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or other quantitative field, or equivalent work experience required One year of financial institution experience preferred Experience or coursework in data mining, machine learning, classification system, or recommender systems preferred Experience or coursework in SQL programming and databases preferred Experience or coursework in any structured programming language such as PowerOn, Python, R, Java, C, or C++ is preferred  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Strong math skills Strong analytical skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Problem solving, and research abilities Strong working knowledge of MS Office, including : Excel (including ability to create complex spreadsheets linked to external data sources, Pivot Tables, complex functions) Word (including ability to write concise executive memos summarizing complex material into understandable concepts) PowerPoint (including ability to create presentations) Access (including ability to manage numerous data sources, query between data sources, and create data exports for linking to Excel) Innovative and creative abilities Detail oriented Ability to take initiative while remaining open to ideas of others Ability to prioritize projects based on need Possess decision-making abilities Self-motivated individual with strong time management and organizational skills Skills in collaboration and teamwork Strong cross-functional collaboration skills, and relationship building skills Strong sense of personal responsibility and accountability for delivering high quality work  Physical Functions Must have the ability/stamina to work at least 40 hours a week Will frequently reach, feel, bend, stoop, carry, finely manipulate, and key in data Must be able to communicate heavily through telephone, email, and in-person Must be able to engage in problem-solving skills to help identify and solve potential issues in the field Types of Decisions requiring supervisory approval: Situation outside A+FCU policies and procedures
At TRM, we're on a mission to build a safer financial system for billions of people. Our next-generation technology, which combines threat intelligence with machine learning, enables financial institutions and governments to detect cryptocurrency fraud and financial crime with unprecedented scale.  The Blockchain Intelligence team at TRM is responsible for building the dataset that powers TRM's advanced technology. As a Research Analyst in the Blockchain Intelligence team, you will conduct open-source investigations and produce enhanced due diligence reports on Virtual Asset Service Providers (VASPs) like cryptocurrency exchanges, custodians, and brokerages.  Typical Responsibilities:  Conduct in-depth research into Virtual Asset Service Providers (VASPs) regarding operations and services, backend custody information, associated companies and individuals using public record databases, commercial and proprietary databases, media sources and the internet Analyze research, organize findings and synthesize relevant information Write well structured, logical and objective reports regarding assessments on the status, legitimacy, general background, and overall reputation of a VASP, its services, legal entities, and its principals Manage multiple assignments from start to finish, conducting extensive Internet, database, and media research into VASPs to provide our clients with an accurate assessment of the status, legitimacy, general background, and overall reputation of a subject VASP and its principals Monitor and analyze blockchain-related events, technology, and regulation to identify and assess threats to the array of our Clients operations Monitor news and social media on a regular basis for threats and security-related intelligence with regard to risks to blockchain related activity Synthesize and document VASP data to expand the TRM dataset Assist with production of specific briefings or presentations Collaborate with product managers, software engineers, and blockchain intelligence specialists to optimize research, data collection, and quality assurance processes  What You'll Need  A bachelor's degree in history, political science, international relations, intelligence analysis, criminal justice, regional studies, or a related discipline Proven ability to accurately draw conclusions by synthesizing raw data and information from multiple, unrelated sources into a finished comprehensive product Ability to identify and solve complex problems and carry out responsibilities with little or no supervision, at times under adverse and stressful conditions Ability to interact effectively at all levels of an organization and across diverse cultural and language barriers A strong customer service focus and ability to build and maintain trusting relationships Ability to be a positive and effective team member Ability to effectively manage multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize Ability to perform under pressure and respond rapidly to breaking situations within tight timelines Excellent research, analytical, writing, and verbal presentation skills Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and as part of a team Ability to work with a wide range of individuals from diverse backgrounds and varying levels within the global corporate structure Ability to deal effectively with others in order to collect, evaluate and organize pertinent facts and employ multi-disciplinary analysis both with and without systems support  A Plus  Interest or understanding of cryptocurrencies and the blockchain technology field Ability to conduct research in one of the following languages: Chinese, Korean, Arabic, Russian, or Portuguese.  About TRM  Cryptocurrencies and digital assets have the potential to improve financial services for billions of people. But the same properties that make crypto a force for good â€“ efficient, programmable, and instantaneous value transfer â€” can be exploited by bad actors to harm our financial system at unprecedented speed and scale: â€” from hacks, to ransomware attacks, to terrorist financing. How can we unlock the promise of crypto without leaving the risks unchecked?  TRM Labs is a blockchain intelligence company that help financial institutions and government agencies detect and investigate crypto-related financial crime and fraud. We have assembled a world class team of experts from places like McKinsey, Coinbase, Amazon, FBI, and the US Treasury Dept. Every day, we tackle challenges in data engineering, data science, and threat intelligence to advance our mission to build a safer financial system for billions of people.  Why people choose TRM  "The opportunity to make a lasting impact on the future of finance by building the next generation blockchain analytics platform" - Michael, Data Engineer "Solving hard problems to make crypto more accessible" - Colton, Data Engineer "Work with the most inspiring colleagues" - Laura, Marketing Lead  Benefits  Remote-first company, with optional in-person offices Team off-sites and retreats Competitive salary Stock options Premium health, dental, and vision insurance Life & disability coverage 401K Paid Time Off Paid Volunteer Time Off Generous Parental Leave Gym membership reimbursement Home office reimbursement Annual Books, Training, and Professional Coaching credit Macbook Pro  At TRM, we're looking for people with grit, passion, and humility. We encourage you to reach out even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Do not worry about picking exactly the right job; we can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your passion and interests will set you apart â€” especially if your background or career is unconventional. Join us!
Thank you for considering a career at Bon Secours Mercy Health! SUMMARY The Data Engineer will work closely with a multidisciplinary Agile team to build high quality data pipelines driving analytic solutions. These solutions will generate insights from the organization's connected data, enabling the organization to advance the data-driven decision-making capabilities of the organization's enterprise. This role requires deep understanding of data engineering, data analysis, reporting, and a basic understanding of data science techniques and workflows. JOB FUNCTIONS Design, develop, optimize, and maintain data architecture and pipelines that adhere to ETL principles and business goals Solve complex data problems to deliver insights that helps our ministry achieve our goals Understands modeling process, major groups of algorithmic techniques, and model testing techniques Learn about machine learning, data science, computer vision, artificial intelligence, statistics, and/or applied mathematics Partner with business analysts and solutions architects to develop technical architectures for strategic enterprise projects and initiatives. Understand platforms available and how they are used (e.g., Azure, Hadoop, Bluemix ) Perform tasks related to data ETL, data structuring and cleaning, and data pipeline creation Understand rules on data, privacy and security, and can ensure quality of data Integrate data from multiple sources QUALIFICATIONS Bachelors Degree Required. Masters / PhD preferred in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering 1 year of experience working in data engineering or architecture role required 3+ years of experience working in data engineering or architecture role preferred FUNCTIONAL & INTERPERSONAL SKILL ITEMS (REQUIRED) SQL and data analysis Attention to detail Programming (Python or Scala preferred) Critical thinking Development in cloud computing services Relationship building Building data pipelines Ability to work with technical and non-technical stakeholders Database development experience using Hadoop or BigQuery Requirements translation Data warehouse maintenance Agile work process Work with BI tools (e.g., Tableau, PowerBI) Desire to learn Familiarity with machine learning Intellectually curious Data governance Work with structured and unstructured data Bon Secours Mercy Health is an equal opportunity employer. We’ll also reward your hard work with: Comprehensive, affordable medical, dental and vision plans Prescription drug coverage Flexible spending accounts Life insurance w/AD&D An employer-matched 403(b) for those who qualify Paid time off Educational Assistance And much more Scheduled Weekly Hours: 40 Work Shift: Days Department: SS Analytics All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, genetic information, or protected veteran status, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you’d like to view a copy of the affirmative action plan or policy statement for Mercy Health – Youngstown, Ohio or Bon Secours – Franklin, Virginia; Petersburg, Virginia; and Emporia, Virginia, which are Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employers, please email recruitment@mercy.com. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact The Talent Acquisition Team at recruitment@mercy.com.
Global Technology Analyst Program Include but are not limited to : Charlotte, NC; Dallas Metro, TX; Jersey City, NJ; New York, NY; Pennington, NJ; Chicago, IL; Newark, DE, Denver, CO and Richmond, VA Job Description & Program Overview Global Technology & Operations (GT&O) provides end-to-end technology and fulfillment to individual consumers, small businesses, middle-market businesses and large corporations. Globally, GT&O manages the critical systems and multiple platforms needed to maintain the enterprise’s market-leading positions in key segments, including deposits, payment products, consumer lending, wealth management, small business and middle-market lending, treasury services, investment banking, and sales and trading. The Global Technology Analyst Program is a one-year global development program designed to develop high potential graduates and facilitate your transition from academia to a professional career so you can hit the ground running from day one. It not only provides program management support, but also structured learning and development training, and networking opportunities. The learning curriculum focuses on business, technical and soft skills. As part of new hire experience, participants will attend an orientation training event to provide a strong foundation upon which to build their knowledge and career. The job profiles for the Global Technology Analyst Program include:* Analyst: As an Analyst, your key tasks and responsibilities may include but are not limited to: Gather, analyze, and document business and system requirements Act as the liaison between business partners and software development teams Translate business requirements into technical requirements and ensure that systems or applications support and conform to business needs and specifications Coordinate the process of analyzing functional specifications, use cases, process flows and user interface requirements Collaborate with software testers to develop valid test plans and test scripts Data Management: As a Data Management Analyst, your key tasks and responsibilities may include but are not limited to: Gather and translate internal and external client requirements into technical design specifications suitable for the application of machine learning Provide technical excellence to apply state-of-the-art machine learning / artificial intelligence utilizing technologies such as Spark, R, Hadoop, Scala, SQL to real world infrastructure business problems. Define strategies and parameters for predictive models and data mining projects, ensuring data integrity and usability Partner with business, product and technology teams across the organization to evolve machine learning and data science capabilities within the bank Software Engineer & Architect: As a Software Engineer & Architect, your key tasks and responsibilities may include but are not limited to: Provide technical excellence to design, develop and maintain state-of-the-art technology applications utilizing technologies such as Java/EJB’s, C++, .NET, Python and Web services Gather and translate internal and external client requirements into technical design specifications, business process reengineering Mainframe Analyst: As a Mainframe Analyst, your key tasks and responsibilities may include but are not limited to: Knowledge in basic IBM Mainframe systems (e.g. transaction and database managers, message queue managers, and operating system and communication services) Technical skills to include basic knowledge of one or more mainframe technologies (e.g. COBOL, CICS, DB2, IMS, WMQ, z/OS); as well as Job Control Language (JCL) Network Analyst: As a Network Analyst, your key tasks and responsibilities may include but are not limited to: Provide technical support to include network monitoring, response, continuity, reporting and post incident follow-up. Technical skillsets include: Networking (TCP IP, Routing protocols, CCNA, Ethernet), Data, Voice and/or Security Infrastructure. Responsible for the requirements gathering, design, engineering, and implementation lifecycle of standard service requests tied to the delivery of infrastructure services specific to the respective infrastructure technology platform Cybersecurity Analyst: As a Cybersecurity Analyst, your key tasks and responsibilities may include but are not limited to: Provide analytical, strategic and technical skills to design, develop, implement and use state-of-the-art technology cybersecurity solutions aimed at reducing risk. Responsible for delivering innovative capabilities in team environment, as well as leveraging skills, background and interests for a specific group within Global Information Security. Majority of opportunities available are Software Engineer & Architect roles. Qualifications Required skills: Candidates are required to be pursuing a BA/BS degree from an accredited college or university with a graduation timeframe between December 2021 and June 2022 Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems or similar degree of relevance Desired skills: 3.2 minimum GPA preferred Strong work ethic and ability to work in a fast-paced environment Detail orientated and teamwork orientation Demonstrated problem solving abilities Leadership skills Commitment to building a complete technical and business skill set In accordance with Colorado law: Colorado job seekers
Principal Data Scientist The VF Data Science & Platforms organization brings together product, engineering, architecture, machine learning and operations to design, develop and deliver state-of-the-art data driven capabilities to power the next generation of digital retail. Our team works end to end across our full portfolio of brands to elevate consumer experiences on a global scale. As a Principal Data Scientist, you will discover and solve real world problems by analyzing large amounts of business data, defining new metrics and business cases, designing simulations and experiments, creating models, and collaborating with colleagues in business, software, and research. You will get the exciting opportunity to work with data covering a diverse portfolio of consumer brands with extensive opportunities to drive impact on a global scale. You will be part of a fast-paced, innovative, collaborative team, helping solve problems, drive impact, and deliver key insights to our customers by leveraging innovations in data science, machine & deep learning, and predictive modeling techniques. How You Will Make a Difference What you will do: Engage with a multi-disciplinary team of leaders to across all aspect of a global retail business to design, develop and deploy data driven capabilities that achieve consumer objectives. Influence a variety of product roadmaps across supply chain, marketing, ecommerce, customer support, retail stores, and other critical lines of business. Help develop and evolve a world-class portfolio of machine learning services striking the right balance of best of breed and internally developed algorithms. Test hypotheses in a high-ambiguity environment making use of qualitative data, judgment, and customer feedback. Elevate the use of data as a core competency and impact driver at VF and its portfolio of brands by developing best in class solutions and practices. Provide feedback and guidance to the data platform engineering on technical needs to accelerate the speed and scale of applied statistics and algorithms. How you will do it: Analyze large amounts of data from different parts of a global consumer retail business (e.g. supply chain, ecommerce, marketing) and their associated business functions Improve upon existing machine learning methodologies by developing new data sources, developing and testing model enhancements, running computational experiments, and fine-tuning model parameters for new models Formalize assumptions about how models are expected to behave, creating definitions of outliers, developing methods to systematically identify these outliers, and explaining why they are reasonable or identifying fixes for them Utilize code (Python, R, Scala, etc.) for analyzing data and building statistical and machine learning models and algorithms What success looks like: Performing work with a high degree of independence in terms of self-management of a large variety of tasks in a matrixed organization Communicating verbally and in writing to business customers with various levels of technical knowledge, educating them about our research, as well as sharing insights and recommendations Free To Be, Inclusion & Diversity As a purpose-led, performance driven company, we strive to foster a culture of belonging based on respect, connection, openness and authenticity. We are committed to building and maintaining a workplace that celebrates the diversity of our associates, allowing them to bring their authentic selves to work every day. Skills for Success Years of Related Professional Experience: 8 years Educational Position Requirements: A formal education and subsequent undergraduate/graduate degrees are nice to have, but we are most interested in your total experience and professional achievements. What we expect you already know: Have a strong quantitative background and can thrive in an environment that leverages statistics, machine learning, operations research, econometrics, and business analysis. A strong understanding of retail and apparel best practices and trends Exude a high degree of character and integrity and a rigorous focus on collaborative solutions development You embody a global outlook with sensitivity and awareness of social and cultural differences Ability to mentor and foster growth of junior team members VF Guiding Principles: Live with Integrity, Act Courageously, Be Curious, Act with Empathy, and Persevere. What’s in it For You We’re in the business of unleashing human potential, driven by the ideas, energy and commitment of our people. That’s why we offer comprehensive benefits that encourage both mental, physical and financial well-being for all VF associates. When it comes to benefits, we’re the total package. Go to MyVFBenefits.com and click on “Looking to Join VF” to learn more. We just have one question. Are you in? Salary Range: $128,000.00 USD - $192,000.00 USD annually Annual Incentive Eligibility : This position is eligible to participate in VF's Annual Incentive Plan. Incentive Plan awards are contingent upon (1) achievement of your individual objectives and (2) VF achieving its' Corporate and business level financial objectives. Long Term Incentive Eligibility : This position is not eligible for long term incentive. Benefits at VF : You can review a general overview of each benefit program offered, including this year's medical plan rates on www.MyVFbenefits.com and clicking, Looking to Join VF? Detailed information on your benefits will be provided during your onboarding process.
The Department of Environmental & Occupational Health is seeking to fill a Research Associate, Data Science position for the research group of Associate Professor Susan Anenberg. Dr. Anenberg’s main interests are quantifying health impacts of climate change and air pollution from local to global scales, including developing scientific methods and evaluating policy scenarios for mitigation. This research is interdisciplinary and draws from a variety of fields, including atmospheric science, epidemiology, and economics. The Research Associate will be co-advised by Dr. Anenberg and Research Scientist Dr. Dan Goldberg.   Ability to exercise independent judgment, think critically and logically to overcome problems, and work under minimal supervision is essential.  The primary responsibility is to support NASA grants on using satellite remote sensing to characterize air pollution and climate change, and their public health impacts and opportunities for mitigation. This work may include data cleaning, processing, and analysis; developing webpages; and communicating with GW faculty and staff and external partners. Important geospatial datasets used for this research include satellite remote sensing of environmental characteristics such as air quality (e.g. globally gridded nitrogen dioxide column densities from the Ozone Monitoring Instrument, OMI, and the TROPOspheric Monitoring Instrument, TROPOMI) and vegetation and green space (e.g. globally gridded normalized difference vegetation index, NDVI), demographic variables (e.g. census block, block group, and tract data from the U.S. Census), and output from environmental models (e.g. gridded air pollution levels over urban, regional, and global areas).   Primary duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Clean, organize, process, and analyze large datasets in R, Python, ArcGIS, or similar programming languageDevelop web-based visualizations and publication-quality figures, charts, and tables for high-impact disseminationSuggest approaches for processing, analyzing, and visualizing data in efficient and effective waysIdentify, review, and suggest available datasets, data servers, and visualization platforms to enhance analyses and communication of resultsSupport faculty and staff in the research group, as well as external partners, in communicating results, figures, charts, and tables as neededPerforms other related duties as assigned. The omission of specific duties does not preclude the supervisor from assigning duties that are logically related to the position.  Salary is commensurate with training level and experience. Minimum Qualifications: Qualified candidates will hold a master’s degree and 1 year of experience in a related discipline. Degree must be conferred by the start date of the position. Additional Required Licenses/Certifications/Posting Specific Minimum Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications: BS or graduate degree in Data Science, Geography, Environmental Science/Engineering or equivalent field with experience in analyzing large geospatial datasets.Excellent data processing and analysis skills using R, Python, ArcGIS, or similar programming languageExperience working with large geospatial datasets (e.g. gridded datasets of environmental variables covering large geographical areas, datasets of demographic information for administrative units)Experience creating effective data visualizations for technical and non-technical audiences (e.g. maps, scatterplots, histograms, box plots, Sankey diagrams)Experience developing web-based tools for interactive data visualizations is a plusExcellent verbal communication and follow-up abilitiesTraining and experience in air pollution, environmental science and/or public health is a plus but is NOT required. Typical Hiring Range $23.74 - $33.21 How is pay for new employees determined at GW? Campus Location: Foggy Bottom, Washington, D.C.  College/School/Department: Milken Institute School of Public Health (SPH)  Family Research and Labs  Sub-Family Laboratory Research  Stream Individual Contributor  Level Level 1  Full-Time/Part-Time: Part-Time  Hours Per Week: 20  Work Schedule: M-F, 9am-1pm  Will this job require the employee to work on site? No  Employee Onsite Status Hybrid  Telework:  Required Background Check Criminal History Screening, Education/Degree/Certifications Verification, Social Security Number Trace, and Sex Offender Registry Search  Special Instructions to Applicants: Candidates must submit examples of previous figures and data visualizations that they have created.  Employer will not sponsor for employment Visa status  Internal Applicants Only? No  Posting Number: R001349  Job Open Date: 07/09/2021  Job Close Date:  If temporary, grant funded or limited term appointment, position funded until:  Background Screening Successful Completion of a Background Screening will be required as a condition of hire.  EEO Statement: The university is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
Richmond Data Science Instructor Jobs  With the new school year approaching, the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science instructors nationally and in Richmond. As an instructor who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money teaching small groups of students, choose your own hours, and truly make a difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid 2x per week. Choose to tutor as much or as little as you want. Set your own hours and schedule. Get paired with students best-suited to your teaching style and preferences (from thousands of potential clients). Tutor online (i.e. ‚Äúwork remotely‚Äù) using our purpose-built Live Learning Platform. Students can take adaptive assessments through the platform and share results to help you decide where to focus. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a instructor:  You have a friendly, approachable personality and foster engagement among students. You have subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have excellent presentation skills and work well with groups.  >Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. Through small group instruction, instructors meet with groups typically ranging between 7-9 students for a more collaborative learning experience. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right instructors in a small group setting can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.
Would you like to perform rewarding work while contributing to the success of an established, growing company? Navstar is an award-winning organization that has a proven track record of successfully providing IT services and solutions both as a prime and sub-contractor on mission focused IT programs. Our employees are integral players in support of mission-critical programs focused on our National Security.  Role Description:  Navstar has an immediate opportunity for a Data Scientist interested in solving mission-critical challenges while building complex and distributed Data Analytics systems.  As a Data Scientist, you will work as part of our Software Engineering Team on the Data Team. The Data Team provides all data-centric capabilities for our system, to include data ingest, data enrichment, and data analytics, all through orchestrated data pipelines.  You will work on the Data Team to improve customer mission outcomes and you will become an expert in the customer’s data, mission, and operations. You will research and implement software technologies to design and produce new and creative solutions to mission needs. You will work with end users and other members of the Development Team to define ground-up software requirements.  Required Skills and Qualifications:  1+ years (all levels) of hands-on coding experience, with Java and/or Python. Experience developing, maintaining, documenting, and debugging Data Analytics. Algorithm Development and Implementation experience. Great at communication and interpersonal skills.  Desired Skills and Qualifications:  Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or other hard science field desired. Experience with Big Data systems, such as Hadoop MapReduce and/or Apache Spark. Experience with PostgreSQL, Graph Databases, and/or NoSQL Data Stores. Strong problem-solving abilities. Proven ability to design and develop high quality, well-structured and documented software.  About Navstar  For 20 years Navstar has provided high-quality Innovative Technology Services and Solutions throughout the Intelligence Community. We would not have achieved the success we have without the best AllStar team; this is not just a place to work, Navstar is a community. At Navstar everything we do revolves around listening to both our customers and employees, delivering the results they expect, and being a trusted partner as both a prime and subcontractor. We have proven track record of successfully providing innovative technology services and solutions on highly mission-focused programs; all while enjoying what we do at the same time. Security is our priority; together, we will make the nation a safer place.  Benefits at Navstar  Highly Competitive Health Care Premiums, including 100% employer paid for employee Flexible Spending Accounts for Medical and Dependent Care Generous PTO and Federal Holiday Paid Leave Employer Paid STD/LTD Employer Paid Life Insurance 401K plan and Employer Match Referral and Opportunity Referral Programs Professional Development Assistance  Navstar Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or veteran status.
About this role We are looking for a passionate and creative data analyst to join our team. You will work directly with our Machine Learning and Analytics team to support our existing technologies, and build the future of automotive through data-driven solutions. We use a modern stack of technologies to overcome challenges of handling big volumes of data. This is a full-time remote-only role in a very fun and passionate work environment with a young and exciting team of experts. It’s important that you ?t in with the team and culture as we work closely together on a daily basis. Additionally, you must be able to keep pace with the expertise of our team members. We don’t count hours, only work quality/output. As an Associate Data Analyst you will Utilize data to illustrate business trends and identify areas of opportunity Conduct analytical research to optimize digital interaction with customers Design and deliver reports and insights that analyze business functions, key operations, and performance metrics Facilitate A/B testing to aid feature development and validation of outcomes for teams across the company Use advanced data modelling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions Develop and drive report automations, identify and implement ongoing process improvements Research innovative approaches to improve quality of data, analysis, insights, reporting and processes Gain experience working in a fast-paced and agile environment  Critical thinking, problem solving, and analytical skills Strong interpersonal and communication skills At least one year of experience in data analytics / data science Experience with using SQL and SQL like languages to directly query databases Experience utilizing Python, R or other programming languages for data manipulation and aggregation  A Big Plus if you have: Experience with data visualization/reporting tools (e.g. Tableau, Grafana, MixPanel) Knowledge of analytics modelling and machine learning techniques (supervised & unsupervised learning, regression, classi?cation) Knowledge of Python analytics-related packages (numpy, pandas, scipy, scikit-learn) Interest or experience in solving NLP-related problems Experience with column-oriented and/or time-series database management systems such as Clickhouse Familiarity with working in a remote environment
Summary Posted: May 1, 2020 Role Number:200018266 Play a part in the next revolution in human- computer interaction. Collaborate with software engineers as well as machine learning engineers/ scientists in several technical areas spanning the entire range of Siri's capabilities (speech recognition, natural language understanding, dialogue management). Have the opportunity to innovate, create groundbreaking technology, build prototypes of user-facing features and magical experiences, and work with a cross-functional team to ship these magical experiences to millions of users. Key Qualifications In-depth development experience with server-side Java and/or C++ Excellent algorithm and data structure skills (time and space complexity analysis, optimization, etc.) Strong object-oriented programming and design skills, at both the systems level and application level Flexibility to code both in Java and C++ Proven ability to quickly learn and modify large, existing code base Passion for building demo prototypes and turning them into production quality design/implementation Strong communication skills to work well with cross-functional engineering teams Excellent problem solving and critical thinking, good at seeing the big picture Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with rapidly changing priorities Enthusiasm for learning and applying data science and machine learning on the job Passionate about creating phenomenal products and experiences for our users Description Want to join the team pushing the boundaries of AI and building an intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done? The Siri Speech team is looking for exceptional individuals to extend the core technology that let Siri understand, learn, and remember. You will be part of a cross-functional team consisting of software engineers as well as machine learning engineers/scientists and having a large impact on the Siri product. This is an unusual opportunity at the intersection of various applications including speech recognition, natural language processing, and dialogue management. You should be creative, enthusiastic, and ready to communicate and collaborate with multiple teams Education & Experience B.S. or M.S. degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience Additional Requirements Experience in concurrent programming and distributed systems is a huge plus. Familiarity with AI technologies including natural language processing and machine learning or familiarity with large-scale data processing and data analytics is a big plus.
Champion SSDLC (Secure Software Development Life Cycle) within Analytics & Data Science and lead by example in building self-service, well tested solutions· Champion high engineering standards through comprehensive testing, code reviews, continuous integration and continuous deployment across the team· Our technology stack includes Python, dbt, AirFlow, Fivetran, Mixpanel, Looker, Tableau and a host of Google Cloud products that run on a range of technologies (GCP/AWS, Docker, GitHub, CircleCI & Jenkins) Babylon is growing and looking to add the right person to the team. WHAT YOU'LL WORK ON Build, test and refine data pipelines for data analytics & business intelligence (BI). Data modelling, process design and overall data pipeline architecture. Ensure the data quality and consistency with monitoring and support and play an active role in establishing data governance around company KPIs. Work closely with the BI teams to design, build & test end-to-end solutions. Work closely with the Data Science team to support processing data into a form suitable for machine learning models· Babylon is growing and looking to add the right person to the team WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR You enjoy working with people, solving prioritization and resourcing issues, and thinking about the big picture You're agile, proactive, comfortable working with ambiguous specifications and can prioritize on the fly Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field. Proven ability to looking at solutions unconventionally and explore opportunities and devise innovative solutions Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills and an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams Experience gathering complex business requirements and identifying data needs Experience with design & development of relational databases and data warehouses. Advanced level of proficiency in SQL development Knowledge & expertise with Python, Shell, Java scripting ETL development experience with large-scale DBs or big data systems such as Hive, BigQuery, AWS Redshift, Snowflake, etc Experience using data transformation tools such as dbt Experience using data orchestration tools such as Apache AirFlow or Apache Beam Experience with using a cloud platform provider (such as AWS/GCP) to develop tools and infrastructure Exposure to a BI reporting tool (such as Looker/Tableau) with an understanding of why they are an important part of the analytics stack Experience analyzing data to identify deliverables, gaps, and inconsistencies. PERKS AT WORK Competitive salary package including annual bonus scheme Yearly training budget Newly redesigned offices with a fun and engaging culture Free snacks Dog friendly office Parking reimbursement Accrued PTO of 20 days + public holidays Competitive medical, dental and vision plans Access to flexible spending account and health savings account Competitive retirement plan, short term disability, long term disability and life cover WHAT WE OFFER Whether you work in one of our amazing offices or a distributed team, Babylon is highly collaborative and fun! You’ll have a chance to work in a fast-paced environment with experienced industry leaders. We have a learning environment where you can make an impact.  WHO WE ARE We are a team on a mission, to put accessible and affordable healthcare in the hands of every person on earth. Our mission is bold and ambitious, and it’s one that’s shared by our team who shares our values, to dream big, build fast and be brilliant. To achieve this, we’ve brought together one of the largest teams of scientists, clinicians, mathematicians and engineers to focus on combining the ever-growing computing power of machines, with the best medical expertise of humans, to create a comprehensive, immediate and personalized health service and make it universally available. At Babylon our people aren’t just part of a team, they’re part of something bigger. We’re a vibrant community of creative thinkers and doers, forging the way for a new generation of healthcare. We’re only as good as our people. So, finding the best people is everything to us. We serve millions, but we choose our people one at a time… DIVERSITY AT BABYLON We believe that difference inspires a better, healthier world. That’s why it’s at the heart of everything we do. From our people to our products, difference enriches every part of our business and creates a culture based on equality of opportunity, and in which all Babylonians can progress their careers. We’re committed to creating an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, pregnancy status, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
About Morning Consult: Morning Consult is a billion-dollar, global enterprise technology company specializing in intelligent data to power leaders' intelligent decisions. The company's proprietary technology, including both AI and machine-learning solutions, pairs with leading, high-frequency datasets and access to more than 100 million people globally, to optimize decision making. Morning Consult's proven advantage drives more accurate decisions at unparalleled speed and scale.The Role: Morning Consult is re-defining how public opinion data is collected, visualized, and measured. We're looking to add talented, ambitious talent to support our client services and data science teams and continue pushing the boundaries of survey research.This role requires getting your hands dirty with all aspects of the public opinion data collection and client delivery process, including programming survey instruments, managing survey collection through survey vendors, using internal tools to parse data, and producing deliverables. Given the wide-ranging nature of this role, success requires a positive, team-focused attitude that delights in helping colleagues succeed and a relentless attention to detail no matter the task.Candidates must be:Comfortable in a highly fast-paced, fluid environment and demonstrate an eagerness to learnEntrepreneurial builders who actively seek out ways to innovate by improving existing products/processes or developing new onesEmpathetic and proactive in finding ways to help their teammatesKey Responsibilities and Essential Functions: Take ownership over all aspects of the data collection process, such as programming survey questionnaires, managing sample collection for surveys in the field, performing analysis of custom data sets, obtaining and applying survey weights, and producing deliverables.Generate ideas and build tools continuously to improve data quality, data interpretation and in-house processes. This could include developing R packages to clean data, evaluate/interpret results, streamline data collection, or present data in new waysConvey technical, complex information to both technical and non-technical audiencesWork with Client Service managers to interpret and accommodate client requestsUtilize statistical techniques such as regression analysis and machine learning to develop new products and improve modelsLearn new programming languages as necessaryAct as a team player that is willing to have fun and work hard in a fast-paced, highly demanding environmentImprove continuously through feedbackPerform such other tasks and duties as may be required or assigned from time to time in the Company's discretionDesired Skills: Note: we view this section as a guide, not a checklist. We encourage you to apply even if you don't satisfy every single bullet on this list!A bachelor's in a quantitative and/or social science field (e.g., economics, statistics, sociology, computer science, political science, etc.)1-3 years of experience in highly analytical role at a fast-paced company or academic settingExpertise with R statistical software (i.e., data visualization and processing)Experience with online survey research, including but not limited to working with online survey panels, conducting and analyzing survey experiments, and working with online weighting methodologiesKnowledge of descriptive/inferential statistics and econometricsFamiliarity with the following a plus: SQL, Qualtrics, JavaScript, Amazon Web Services, Python, Computational social science, Machine LearningWe are committed to a work environment that is inclusive to all and free of discrimination. It is our policy to be an equal opportunity employer without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic predisposition or carrier status, veteran status, citizenship status or any other factors prohibited by law. Morning Consult will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals.Job Type: Full-time
The Role: As the lead data scientist, you will be laying out the technological foundations for Keewi's mission of making self-driving buildings a reality. There is a treasure trove of information waiting to be uncovered and synthesized into insights to drastically improve building efficiency, comfort, conveniences, and safety. It's silly to us that we spend 90% of our time indoors and yet the built environment is one of the last areas to benefit from technological breakthroughs and data-driven solutions; we want you to join us in challenging that status quo. You will be responsible for developing state of the art machine learning, deep learning, and artificial intelligence analytics and tools with Keewi's unique and rich energy data. Job Responsibilities: Be a jack of all trades in data: work on all stages of data science projects from understanding the data and the insights they provide to implementing solutions into Keewi's product offerings. Work closely with the leadership, engineering, and operations teams to develop and integrate solutions into operational platforms, including modern big data processing ecosystems. Provide data modeling, mining, pattern analysis, data visualization, and additional solutions to address business and customer needs. Solving complex industrial problems using advanced ML, DL, AI, and mathematical modeling and optimization techniques with involvement in the whole cycle of data science tasks, including but not limited to: pre-processing, feature engineering, problem formulation, algorithmic selection/evaluation, modeling, hyper-parameter tuning and deployment for the solutions. Perform exploratory data analyses to enrich our models about usage of electrical outlets and identify new questions to pursue. Attend industry conferences to stay current on industry trends, challenges, and potential market opportunities. Job Qualifications: MS. or PhD or equivalent experience in a quantitative field (i.e. Predictive Analytics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Engineering). Hands on experience with modeling/development software (ie. R, Pandas, Jupyter Notebook, Spark MLlib, TensorFlow). Familiarity with statistical models and methods (i.e. time series analysis, regression analysis, experimental design, hypothesis testing). A track record in building insights and relationships to affect decisions. You have experience engineering information out of massive and complex datasets. You have a high tolerance for ambiguity. You find a way through. You anticipate. You connect, communicate, and synthesize. About Our Benefits: Pre-IPO equity Unlimited vacation days Competitive medical, dental, and vision insurance Gym Discounts
Position Overview  WHO IS MSCI?  MSCI powers better investment decisions.  MSCI is an independent provider of research-driven insights and tools for institutional investors. For more than 40 years, MSCI’s research-based indexes and analytics have helped the world‘s leading investors build and manage better portfolios.  WHO IS MSCI ESG?  MSCI ESG Research is the global standard for ESG signals, data and insights.  MSCI ESG Research provides in-depth research, ratings and analysis of the environmental, social and governance-related business practices of thousands of companies worldwide. Our research is designed to provide critical insights that can help institutional investors identify risks and opportunities that traditional investment research may overlook.  WE PROVIDE:  A place to build your career  As a world renowned and highly respected provider of investment decision tools, MSCI is an ideal place to build your career. A place to learn  The talent and passion of our people is crucial to our success. At MSCI, we offer a wide range of work and learning opportunities through our businesses.  A place to collaborate  We have a fast-paced yet collegial environment, which is created through global teamwork and close working relationships with different levels of management.  A place to innovate  ESG is one of the fastest growing, innovative fields in investing today and we are at its forefront. Bring your ideas and we can make them reality.  A place to make an impact  MSCI is a global organization that calls the largest investors in the world its partners. They have problems, we build solutions, and our solutions can change the way the world invests.   Scope of Responsibility  WE NEED YOU:  To regularly publish quality research content and analyze emerging ESG issues; To deliver relevant, actionable insights on companies to investors, and become a trusted go-to expert on core ESG topics; To represent MSCI as a credible thought leader with strong point of view at conferences, external events and strategic client meetings; To collaborate with a wide range of teams (industry analysts, equity research, multi-asset class research, index, analytics) to produce innovative analytical models; To continuously improve how we think, how we model ESG risks, and how we develop solutions for investors globally;   Specific Knowledge/Skills  YOU ARE:  A researcher with the background to match; A critical thinker with attention to detail and the ability to work with large data sets; A storyteller with excellent writing, communication, and public presenting skills; A team player who can collaborate across a diverse global team; Self-motivated, resourceful, and able to thrive in a fast paced environment; Ambitious, with a desire to bring ESG into the mainstream investment process;  Desired Experience  YOU HAVE:  At least 0-2 years’ professional experience in a related field (investment research, financial services, consulting, industry experience, policy research);  Desired Qualifications  A Bachelors’ degree (required), an advanced degree (Masters or PhD) or relevant industry accreditation (preferred);  Data science skills, knowledge of NLP, Python programming is great to have  This is a 6 months contract role, required to work 40 hours/week. Start date ASAP.  To all recruitment agencies: MSCI does not accept unsolicited CVs/Resumes. Please do not forward CVs/Resumes to any MSCI employee, location or website. MSCI is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited CVs/Resumes.  MSCI Inc. is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is the policy of the Firm to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, age, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, disability, marital and civil partnership/union status, pregnancy (including unlawful discrimination on the basis of a legally protected pregnancy/maternity leave), veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Encompass + Orchestra is the most innovative platform digitally connecting the Food & Beverage Industry. In fact, we’re the first to do so! With a rich history of exponential growth, the future looks even more amazing. Our ERP software solutions now reach all the way from manufacturers to consumers, made possible because of recent M&A activity. Our web-based, mobile-friendly solutions improve our customers’ accounting processes, production, inventory and warehouse management, sales and delivery, route planning, and so much more! You can imagine the opportunities this creates for those who are part of our team.Our team is made up of brilliant innovators who move fast, collaborate, and create results for customers’ short- and long-term success. We don’t follow best practices; we create them - often defining problems and solving them before others are aware of anything other than the status quo. Our customers know that. Our people know that. We are out to change the Beverage andFood Industry, by finding better ways to solve problems. You can find out more about Encompass + Orchestra at Encompass8.com and OrchestraSoftware.com.Our Customer Care Liaison Will: Provide the first level of problem resolution for Encompass clients;Get to know and develop relationships over the phone with our clients;Greet callers in a way that makes them feel they are the most important person of the day;Use predefined decision trees, experience, and intuition to help prioritize and direct callers expeditiously;Be aware of availability of team members for support calls; and willServe as a liaison in support calls to create a faster reaction without getting consumed in the process!Work EnvironmentWe have the coolest office building in NoCO, right on the banks of the Poudre, only a short walk from Old Town. We offer unique perks. Ask us about PTF. And we have the greatest team. Ask our Purveyor of Happiness.RequirementsWe Are Looking For a Customer Advocacy Expert Who:Possesses at least a High School diploma or equivalent;Has an understanding of office administration, and productivity;Possesses an enthusiastically friendly voice and strong verbal communication skills;Takes initiative and thrives in an environment of multi – tasking and a fast pace;Demonstrates a “can-do” attitude, and knows how to convey that over the phone; and whoHas a strong understanding of how to handle customers in a way that they value.This Won’t Be the Right Environment for Those Who: Don’t delight in serving others;Have a default vocal tone that conveys disinterest;Move at a slow, methodical pace;Need a lot of handholding and detailed training;Can’t anticipate the unspoken and unanticipated needs of customers calling in for support.Our ValuesOur values shape the way we work together and serve our customers. They provide insight into our goals of disrupting the industry, figuring out better solutions, and doing so as part of a fast paced, cohesive, fun-loving, and supportive team.Go Big:  We aim high, are focused on results and growth as challenges come our way. We are out to change the industry -- not maintain the status quo.Figure It Out:  We strive to define the real problem, and solve it.Use the Team:  We’ll get more things, and the right things, done when we lean on and support each other.Compensation: $15/hour + benefitsPlease note - Encompass will not sponsor applicants for work visas. At this time, we are only able to consider people who have the following status: Lawful Permanent Residents, Asylees, Refugees, and U.S. Citizens.Job Type: Full-timePay: $15.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayExperience:Customer Service Skills: 2 years (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)
CONSTRUCTION SITE DATA COLLECTOR (360-degree camera)   Company Overview  https://datacollector.onsiteiq.io/ (Copy & Paste URL)  OnsiteIQ builds world-class technology that brings construction sites to its users; wherever they are without any of the dust and debris. Automatically mapping 360-degree imagery to architectural floor plans, enabling clients to virtually walk through these sites; monitoring progress, finding and tracking issues, and collaborating with project stakeholders. Leveraging its AI and computer vision expertise, the OnsiteIQ team is working toward a risk assessment platform that's safer and faster than any human inspection.  Job Overview  OnsiteIQ is looking for Data Collectors to partner with as independent contractors. We're working with tradespeople, students, gig workers, drone pilots, and more. This position is teachable and growing every day! You get the opportunity to be taught to work with a high tech 360-degree camera in backpack style to capture images of active construction projects on a weekly or bi-weekly basis. These images are then compiled using Artificial Intelligence to create a Google Street View style walk through of the site that is used directly by the owners and developers of these projects!  Equipment Overview  https://www.loom.com/share/7ab00f028e2d47ccabd6a8ea0e265c2f (Copy & Paste URL)  A Day In The Life of A Data Collector  https://www.loom.com/share/9c9408feaba74f7da8122a11de68758f (Copy & Paste URL)  Responsibilities and Duties  Capture 100% of the interior of construction sites/projects as requested by OnSiteIQ Capture exterior documentation if requested (non-drone) Completion of all onboarding materials, certifications and downloading of all required software Acquiring all necessary PPE for construction site access as directed by OnSiteIQ Daily pickup and drop off of OnSiteIQ equipment to OnSiteIQ's storage facility Maintenance of all hardware and software as required by OnSiteIQ for data collection and transfer processes *You will partner with your Field Operations Manager and Data Transfer Manager to do this* Maintain a minimum internet upload speed of 15 mbps. *You may be required to upgrade service which is compensated by OnsiteIQ* Data Transfer initiation within 2 hours of the end of each data collection   Qualifications  Communication skills *this is imperative as it is independent work and managed remotely* Flexible schedule Accountable Familiar with reading blueprints Adaptability with time and processes Positive attitude  Requirements  PPE for an active construction site (hard hat, vest, glasses, boots, etc.) Laptop for at home upload OSHA 10 certification (OSHA 40 if you are working in NY) *required by the end of the first 30 days Worker's Compensation *required after 2 months and covered by OnsiteIQ until then  Perks!!  Multiple different advancement opportunities Flexible schedule Competitive pay Construction site experience Pay increase opportunities every 3 months Referral program   If this sounds like you, apply today! *Positions fill quickly!*
Location: Albuquerque, NM   Education Required: Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, engineering, business, or the sciences.   Skills Required: Applicant should be proficient in the use of Power BI, Tableau, Python, MATLAB, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and working knowledge of MS Access, LMS, SAS, data visualization tools, and have a strong algorithmic aptitude. Excellent verbal communication, written, and quantitative analytical skills are required. Applicant must be able to work in a team environment. It is desirable that the applicant have experience working in various data visualization tools.   Responsibilities: Formulate analytical solutions to complex data problems; create data analytic models to improve data metrics; deliver insights, designing and crafting reports, dashboards, models, and algorithms to make data insights actionable; select features, build and optimize classifiers using machine learning techniques; enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems; process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis; conduct ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner; and create automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance. Understand and work with SQL server to support relational database, multidimensional cube and tabular database, e.g., SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) tabular model using analytics engine and algorithms. Support development of key performance indicators (KPIs), via the multiple tools, and deliver self-service business intelligence (BI) to a variety of applications, e.g., PowerBI, Excel. Support the deployment, configuration, test, and demonstration of dashboards from a schedule database file repository in a multi-queue process to include 1) processing raw file from fields containing key schedule data parameters, e.g., submission date, submission period, submitter, status date, into a template, using lookups for standardized names and file naming conventions, 2) organizing raw files that will be structured into specific folders with files containing properties for assessing and analysis of the files, and 3) publishing files renamed to standard syntax and available for analytics by other users.   Benefits: We offer competitive salaries commensurate with education and experience. We have an excellent benefits package that includes:  Comprehensive health, dental, life, long and short term disability insurance 100% Company funded Retirement Plans Generous vacation, holiday and sick pay plans Tuition assistance  Benefits are provided to employees regularly working a minimum of 30 hours per week.  Tecolote Research is a private, employee-owned corporation where people are our primary resource. Our investments in technology and training give our employees the tools to ensure our clients are provided the solutions they need, and our very high employee retention rate and stable workforce is an added value to our customers. Apply now to connect with a company that invests in you.
Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the worlds best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. Job Summary Responsible for identifying complex problems and developing and deploying novel prototypes and algorithms to solve them. Improves accuracy and functionality of algorithms and understands the overall implications of the entire machine learning frameworks. Translates application requirements into problem statements. Analyzes and evaluates solutions both internally generated as well as third party supplied. Develops novel ways to solve problems and discover new products. Provide guidance and leadership to more junior researchers. Integrates knowledge of business and functional priorities. Acts as a key contributor in a complex and crucial environment. May lead teams or projects and shares expertise. Job Description Core Responsibilities Guides the successful completion of programs that identify patterns and make decisions with minimal human intervention. Determines the technical objectives of an assignment. Leads the design of prototypes, partnering with the product team and other stakeholders through development. Conducts studies to support product or application development. Designs and implements end-to-end solutions using optimization and other advanced computer science technologies and owns live deployments. Aggregates huge amounts of data and information from large numbers of sources to discover patterns and features necessary to automate analytical models. Researches, writes and edits documentation and technical requirements, including evaluation plans, confluence pages, white papers, presentations, test results, technical manuals, formal recommendations and reports. Contributes to the company by creating patents, Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and other intellectual property. Presents papers and/or attends conferences, as well as displaying leadership in these areas. Tests and evaluates solutions presented to the Company by various internal and external partners and vendors. Completes case studies, testing and reporting. Collaborates with teams outside of immediate work group. Represents the work team in providing solutions to technical issues associated with assigned projects. Mentor a diverse team of junior engineers in machine learning techniques, tools and concepts. Provides guidance and leadership to more junior engineers. Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance. Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) and overtime as necessary. Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.  Employees at all levels are expected to: Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job. Own the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services. Know your stuff - be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game-changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences. Win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas. Be an active part of the Net Promoter System - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers. Drive results and growth. Respect and promote inclusion & diversity. Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities.  Disclaimer: This information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications.  Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. Education Bachelor's Degree Relevant Work Experience 7-10 Years Base pay is one part of the Total Rewards that Comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work. Most sales positions are eligible for a Commission under the terms of an applicable plan, while most non-sales positions are eligible for a Bonus. Additionally, Comcast provides best-in-class Benefits. We believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most, and should help you care for those who matter most. That’s why we provide an array of options, expert guidance and always-on tools, that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality – to help support you physically, financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life. Please visit the compensation and benefits summary on our careers site for more details.
*Whisker, formerly known as AutoPets, is the maker of Litter-Robot, Feeder-Robot, and Litterbox.com. At Whisker, we believe pet parenthood can always get better.**As leading innovators in pet tech and refined pet accessories, we work tirelessly to solve problems and deliver smarter insights for pet parents while enriching the lives of pets. Whether it’s a self-cleaning litter box that automates scooping, an automatic feeder that helps pets develop healthier eating habits, or a modern cat tree that delights both humans and felines, we strive to deliver better solutions for consumers, transforming pet care along the way. And we don’t rest once we’ve created the best—we exist to make life for pets and pet parents endlessly better.**Whisker is based in Auburn Hills, Michigan and Juneau, Wisconsin with 300+ passionate employees.*If we sound like a team you’re interested in joining, keep reading!Whisker is obsessed with a top notch experience for our customers. A large aspect of the wonderful customer experience is a strong supply chain. We are constantly ensuring our products arrive in a timely and efficient manner. We rely on the most detailed data to investigate our processes for continuous improvement. If you’re passionate about technology, software, data and improving the lives of pets and pet parents, this role is for you!Summary:The Supply Chain and Operations Analyst is responsible for analyzing the complete lifecycle of the Whisker products from the onset of the product development process through arriving at the door of our customers. The Supply Chain and Operations Analyst will research, identify, and analyze supply chain and manufacturing activities to provide specific data to all stakeholders for process improvement and cost savings.Duties and Responsibilities:This list of duties and responsibilities is not all inclusive and may be expanded to include other duties and responsibilities, as deemed necessary.Will partner with multiple stakeholders to deliver end-to-end analytics solutionsIdentifies opportunities for supply chain and operations improvement through root cause analysisImplements efficient data pipelines in order to integrate data from a variety of sourcesEvaluates supply and demand to optimize output and efficienciesWorks closely with corporate finance team to enable efficient monthly reporting and forecasting processesAnalyzes, develops and enhances international shipping proceduresHas a deep understanding of our eCommerce, Fulfillment, and Robot-operational databases and implements changes to support better reportingDevelops both short and long-term solutions to ensure our key stakeholders have the supply chain data they need for today and the futureDevelops, improves and maintains tools to support logistics processesWill perform additional responsibilities when requiredRequirements & QualificationsBA/BS in Business, Data Science or applicable field and / or equivalent years of experience3+ years experience as an analyst using data to interpret business trends and making recommendations to leadershipDetail oriented with the ability to analyze high volumes of dataMaintains confidentiality of proprietary informationAbility to thrive in a fast-paced manufacturing environmentHigh degree of initiative, self-motivation and ability to motivate othersAbility to provide a working atmosphere that is positive and productiveAbility to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with team members and colleaguesNot Required but nice to have!Experience with FedEX, DHL and other shipping companiesExperience working in manufacturing supply chainExperience working at a direct-to-consumer, ecommerce organizationNot required to have a pet but highly recommended!Physical Demands and Work EnvironmentThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a team member to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.While performing the duties of this job, the team member is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The team member frequently is required to use hands to handle or feel. The team member is occasionally required to stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. The team member must continuously lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally up to 75 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those a team member encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Job Type: Full-timePay: $1.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee discountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Supply Chain Experience: 1 year (Preferred)Analysis Skills: 1 year (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Overview:  Customers Bank Culture: At Customers Bank, we believe in working hard, working smart, working together to deliver memorable customer experiences, and having fun. Our vision, mission, and values guide us along our path to achieve excellence. Passion, attitude, creativity, integrity, alignment, and execution are cornerstones of our behaviors. They define who we are as an organization and as individuals. Everyone is encouraged to have personal development plans. By doing so, our team members are on their way to achieve their highest potential and be successful in their personal and professional lives. Customers Bank, has an immediate opening for a Data Analysis & Reporting Officer to join our Compliance team. As the Data Analysis & Reporting Officer, you will support the Chief Compliance Officer and other senior staff in analyzing various compliance related data, working with those team members to interpret the data, and generating reports based on that data. We are looking for a highly motivated, strong communicator, who thrives in a fast-paced environment. Responsibilities: Gather and extract information from various sources across the organization and work with data focused areas of the organization. Ensure the quality of extracted data and work with applicable areas to resolve data quality issues Analyze and interpret gathered data for the purposes of report and dashboard generation Prepare reports by collecting and analyzing data, drawing conclusions, recommending changes and summarizing information in an approved format. Deliver clean data to members of the Compliance team for further analysis and interpretation as needed. Develop and employ means to identify trends for further follow up Seek out technological solutions and automation wherever possible including making recommendations and subsequent implementation. Ensure/verify accuracy of generated reports Manage certain compliance related projects Create templates and documentation of compliance-related workflows, procedures, and forms especially as they relate to data. All other tasks necessary to facilitate data analysis and report generation. Projects and responsibilities as assigned. Qualifications: 1+ years of banking experience (comparable experience may also be considered). Mathematics, statistics, or data science degree or certification preferred. Proficiency and understanding of computers and technology required. Microsoft Office products including but not limited to Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Strong sense of reliability and accountability. Effective verbal and written communication skills including report writing skills. Good time management, organization, and priority setting habits. Ability to work independently as well as with a range of senior managers, peers and junior colleagues. Strong project management skills. Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and work under tight deadlines. Ability to build strong and productive working relationships. Eagerness to learn. Analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills. Ability to exercise sound and balanced judgment. About Customers Bancorp, Inc. and Customers Bank: Customers Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company located in West Reading, Pennsylvania engaged in banking and related business through its bank subsidiary, Customers Bank. Customers Bank is a community-based, full-service bank with assets of approximately $18.4 billion that was named one of Forbes magazine's 2016 100 Best Banks in America (there are over 6,200 banks in the United States). A member of the Federal Reserve System with deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Customers Bank is an equal opportunity lender that provides a range of banking services to small and medium-sized businesses, professionals, individuals and families through offices in Pennsylvania, New York, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, Massachusetts and New Jersey. Committed to fostering customer loyalty, Customers Bank uses a High Tech/High Touch strategy that includes use of industry-leading technology to provide customers better access to their money, as well as Concierge Banking® by appointment at customers’ homes or offices 12 hours a day, seven days a week. Customers Bank offers a continually expanding portfolio of loans to small businesses, multi-family projects, mortgage companies and consumers. BankMobile is a division of Customers Bank, offering state of the art high tech digital banking services with high level of personal customer service. Customers Bancorp, Inc. voting common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CUBI. Additional information about Customers Bancorp, Inc. can be found on the Company’s website, www.customersbank.com. Customers Bank will provide consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex/ gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. VEVRAA Federal Contractor, seeking priority referral of qualified protected veterans.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, citizenship, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, disability status, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Description At BASF, we create chemistry through the power of connected minds. By balancing economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility, we are building a more sustainable future through chemistry. As the world’s leading chemical company, we help our customers in nearly every industry meet the current and future needs of society through science and innovation. We provide a challenging and rewarding work environment with a strong emphasis on process safety, as well as the safety of our employees and the communities we operate in and are always working to form the best team—especially from within, through an emphasis on lifelong learning and development.  We are constantly striving to become an even better place to work. BASF has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America's Best Large Employers in 2021 and for the ninth consecutive year, BASF was named one of the Top 50 Companies for Diversity by DiversityInc, moving up two places from 14 in 2020 to 12 in 2021. BASF was also recognized as a Top Company for Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG) for its corporate social responsibility and philanthropic programs, practices and investments. Come join us on our journey to create solutions for a sustainable future!   Professional Development Program (PDP) – Data Science Class of 2022   Where the Chemistry Happens… BASF's Data Science Professional Development Program (PDP) is created to provide highly motivated, mobile-minded current university students an opportunity to enhance their professional skills through a variety of diverse learning experiences. Participants will contribute to real-world rotational assignments within different domestic locations. They will explore career options and develop technical and professional decision-making skills, while fulfilling specific business needs. Participants also have the opportunity to assess their capabilities, skills, and interests and gain valuable exposure to BASF's culture, values, and decision-makers.  You start as a member of a leading edge team with expertise in Data Science, Statistics, and Operations Research - Advanced Business Analytics (ABA). Advanced Business Analytics co-creates and delivers innovative data-driven solutions for better business decisions through mathematical modeling. These solutions are developed and delivered in collaboration with all business and functional units (including Procurement, Production, Supply Chain, Planning & Controlling, Marketing & Sales, and Finance).Two subsequent rotations offer the perspective of implementing applications in our operating, manufacturing or research divisions.   Responsible for leveraging mathematics to propel paradigm shifts across the entire company, the incumbent will support the initiation, execution, and completion of projects in the areas of Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, and Optimization to increase business profitability and reduce costs.  The incumbent will be ‘hands-on’ and work on projects, to execute deliverables during all phases of an analytics project, starting from project definition to completion. Deliverables will include the development of the appropriate mathematical models, collaborating with members from other functions to gather and validate the necessary data, and presenting the project results and benefits to key stake holders and internal clients. Also, communicating the ideas and solutions of advanced business analytics to a broad community of non-mathematicians and acting as a driving force in international and interdisciplinary project teams will be a key success-factor.   Program Summary: APPLICATION IS AVAILABLE TO STUDENTS RECEIVING A BACHELOR’S OR MASTER’S DEGREE BETWEEN MAY 2021 AND AUGUST 2022. • As a highly motivated rising or recent graduate, you will participate in a 24-month cross-functional program with three, eight-month rotations in various technical areas, including: Advanced Analytics, Manufacturing/Operations, Supply Chain, Procurement, Planning & Controlling, Marketing & Sales, and Research and Development (R&D) • Your ability to be mobile will be critical, as this program is comprised of three, eight-month assignments, all based in separate locations throughout the U.S. • Successfully engaging across the business, you will be exposed to the leadership, technical, and digital aspects of BASF’s business and research operations • Upon your completion of the program, you may be offered placement within the organization in a variety of disciplines • Available start dates are June and August of 2022   Create Your Own Chemistry: What We Offer You… Adding value to our customers begins with adding value to you. You@BASF is the suite of benefits, perks, programs and unique opportunities we offer to support you—the whole you—in all stages of your life and career. With you@BASF, you create your own chemistry. The total rewards that you receive as a BASF employee go way beyond a paycheck. From competitive health and insurance plans, to robust retirement benefits that include company-matching contributions, to making sure you never stop learning, we believe investing in you is investing in our success. Working for a large, global organization, you’ll have a chance to grow professionally and personally, expand your network and build a rewarding and dynamic career. Enhanced career development and value delivery to BASF through planned assignments Development of your technical expertise and the ability to network at senior levels throughout BASF A comprehensive program of employee benefits, including an award-winning flexible work arrangement and a competitive retirement savings plan To learn more about our programs, visit www.basf.com/universitycareers. Qualifications - BASF recognizes institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent Formula for Success: Upcoming graduates receiving a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Analytics/Science, Software Engineering, Statistics, Chemical Engineering, or related field between May 2021 – August 2022 Authorization to work in the U.S. now and in the future without restrictions or need for future sponsorship Commitment to relocate anywhere in the U.S. during and upon placeoff from the program Demonstrated academic achievement (minimum GPA 3.2) Programming experience in R and Python, other languages a plus Strong analytical skills Fast learner Motivated to learn about machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data, and new technologies Active participation in extra-curricular activities and on-campus organizations Previous internship/co-op experience is a plus
About Gap Inc. Our brands bridge the gaps we see in the world. Old Navy democratizes style to ensure everyone has access to quality fashion at every price point. Athleta unleashes the potential of every woman, regardless of body size, age or ethnicity. Banana Republic believes in sustainable luxury for all. And Gap inspires the world to bring individuality to modern, responsibly made essentials. This simple idea—that we all deserve to belong, and on our own terms—is core to who we are as a company and how we make decisions. Our team is made up of thousands of people across the globe who take risks, think big, and do good for our customers, communities, and the planet. Ready to learn fast, create with audacity and lead boldly? Join our team. About the role This position will be part of the Data Science Engineering team at Gap Inc, whose primary goals include building data products and infrastructure that support analytics and data science at scale. With business users all across the company, the team works cross-functionally to ensure reports, analytics, and models are supported by a stable, efficient, and accurate back-end. What you'll do Partner with internal customers to understand business needs and build strong relationships with key stakeholders. Develop, deploy, and support analytic data products, such as data marts, ETL’s (extract/transform/load), functions (in Python/SQL/R), and visualizations. Navigate various data sources and efficiently locate data in a complex data ecosystem. Work closely with our data scientists to ensure production models are built using a scalable back-end. Maintain and support deployed solutions and data products. Who you are BA/BS preferred in a technical or engineering field (Master’s preferred). 1-3 years of experience in a data engineering or full-stack data scientist role. Strong understanding of relational databases and SQL. Solid programming foundations and proficiency with data related languages such as Python and R. Excellent communication skills. Ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences. Benefits at Gap Inc. Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Old Navy, Gap, Banana Republic and Athleta, and 30% off at Outlet for all employees. One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry.* Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice.* Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay.* Employee stock purchase plan.* Medical, dental, vision and life insurance.* See more of the benefits we offer. For eligible employees Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status. We have received numerous awards for our long-held commitment to equality and will continue to foster a diverse and inclusive environment of belonging. This year, we’ve been named as one of the Best Places to Work by the Humans Rights Campaign for the fourteenth consecutive year and have been included in the 2019 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index for the second year in a row.
If you are excited and passionate about the potential of artificial intelligence, machine learning and its applications then this role is for you.The Open Source Developer Advocacy team is looking for an expert in the field of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to engage with developer communities, educate, excite and inspire them to build with and contribute to Facebook’s open source offerings. This is a highly public facing and deeply technical role. You will be the spokesperson strengthening the connection between leading AI/ML Facebook technologies (like PyTorch) and its respective, worldwide user bases.This is a highly technical role, on a team dedicated to open and honest communication, leadership and strong community citizenship.You will interact with the most innovative engineers inside and outside of Facebook every day. You will write code samples, present demos, articles and tutorials that easily communicate the benefits of AI/ML technologies for developers, scientists, and technical decision makers. You will promote and highlight Facebook Open Source, a wide range of technology stacks, and relevant, contemporary software development techniques & trends. You will represent Facebook at developer conferences, events, hackathons, and with the technical press and bloggers. You will work on open-source software projects in a variety of programming languages. And you will also advocate internally for the needs of the developer community, working with Facebook product and engineering teams to determine features and technology strategy. Create code samples, demos, prototypes, articles and tutorials to engage technical audiences at scale Establish credibility with developers and developer communities as a thought leader in the AI/ML space Own and drive community engagement for a range of AI/ML technologies including the PyTorch ecosystem Liaise with PyTorch product and engineering teams to communicate third-party feedback Present technical sessions at conferences, running workshops and hands-on hackathons Collaborate with internal teams to understand and vocalize open source and developer community building strategies Execute new strategies to increase and maximize engagement with the right audiences on the right channels Grow, manage, and maintain a positive public profile with the community at large BA/BS in Computer Science, or an equivalent degree and experience Experience presenting to technical audiences Coding experience in contemporary languages and environments – such as JavaScript, PHP, Objective-C, Java, .NET, Python, Ruby – and in the open-source community. Candidates will complete Facebook’s 6-week engineering bootcamp Advanced Degrees or research experience in AI/ML Recognition as a thought leader in the AI/ML Community Experience creating high quality coding tutorials, videos, presentations and demos Experience using PyTorch Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
The Addiction Care Team at San Francisco General Hospital is (SFGH) seeking an experienced, full-time Data Analyst. The Data Analyst will apply statistical and data science methodologies to program evaluation and quality improvement projects that assess the impact of addiction care among hospitalized and emergency department (ED) patients at SFGH.  The Data Analyst will work with a variety of data sources, including administrative, electronic health record, and longitudinal survey data and will clean, manage, and analyze these sources. They will be passionate about using data to find innovative solutions to the problems facing vulnerable populations served by SFGH. The individual will conduct analyses and data management on multiple projects concurrently. The individual will work closely with the Principal Investigator (PI), Medical Director of ACT, and other project staff. The Data Analyst will initially receive close support and supervision while increasingly taking responsibility for organizing and managing their own workload independently.  Please note: This is NOT a remote position. This is a full-time one-year contract position starting from the date of hire. Department Description The Division of Hospital Medicine (DHM) at SFGH is a division of the Department of Medicine established in 2007 by six founding faculty members. Since its founding, the DHM has grown to 30+ core faculty dedicated to patient care, teaching, quality improvement, and research.  DHM faculty provide patient care at SFGH on the following inpatient services: general medicine, medicine consult, orthopedic surgery co-management, support and palliative care, and geriatric consults on the multi-disciplinary ACE unit. Although primarily focused on inpatient patient care, the DHM also provides outpatient and community-based palliative care services as well as primary care for recently discharged patients lacking primary care providers. In January 2019, the DHM launched ACT.  The Addiction Care Team (ACT) is a service for hospitalized patients with substance use disorders at ZSFG. One-third of hospitalized patients at SFGH have a substance use disorder (SUD). The SUD is infrequently and inconsistently addressed during hospitalization. Our goal is to provide compassionate, evidence-based addiction care, focusing on linkage to treatment for people with unhealthy substance use.  #LI-LE1 Required Qualifications Bachelor's degree in related area and minimum one year of directly relevant experience or an equivalent combination of education and experienceStrong skills in statistical analysis, systems programming, and consultationExperience working with administrative data and merging datasetsMastery of data analysis and data management in Stata, SAS, or RSubstantive knowledge of quantitative analytic methodsExcellent skills to communicate complex information in a clear and concise manner both verbally and in writing  Note: Physical/health screening required. Preferred Qualifications Graduate degree in biostatistics, epidemiology, health/mental health or related area and/or equivalent experience/training1-2 years of experience in a related field with relevant research, program evaluation, or continuous quality improvement experienceStrong project management skillsAttention to detail and ability to organize and document workflowAbility to work independently and as part of a teamAbility to multi-task with demanding timeframesAbility to work discreetly with sensitive and confidential dataSubstantive knowledge or experience in public health program evaluation or research, and/or mental health or addiction medicine-oriented program evaluation or researchKnowledge of and sensitivity to diverse communities About UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences. We bring together the world’s leading experts in nearly every area of health. We are home to five Nobel laureates who have advanced the understanding of cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, aging and stem cells. Pride Values UCSF is a diverse community made of people with many skills and talents. We seek candidates whose work experience or community service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to professionalism, respect, integrity, diversity and excellence – also known as our PRIDE values.   In addition to our PRIDE values, UCSF is committed to equity – both in how we deliver care as well as our workforce. We are committed to building a broadly diverse community, nurturing a culture that is welcoming and supportive, and engaging diverse ideas for the provision of culturally competent education, discovery, and patient care. Additional information about UCSF is available at diversity.ucsf.edu   Join us to find a rewarding career contributing to improving healthcare worldwide. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Organization Campus Job Code and Payroll Title 006256 RSCH DATA ANL 2 Job Category Professional and Managerial, Research and Scientific Bargaining Unit 99 - Policy-Covered (No Bargaining Unit) Employee Class Contract Percentage 100% Location Zuckerberg San Francisco General (ZSFG) Shift Days Shift Length 8 Hours Additional Shift Details Monday - Friday, schedule within 8:00 am - 5:00 pm, TBD
Every month, billions of people leverage Facebook products to connect with friends and loved ones from across the world. On the Data Engineering Team, our mission is to support these products both internally and externally by delivering the best data foundation that drives impact through informed decision making. As a highly collaborative organization, our data engineers work cross-functionally with software engineering, data science, and product management to optimize growth, strategy, and experience for over three billion users, as well as our internal employee community. In this role, you will see a direct correlation between your work, company growth, and user satisfaction. Beyond this, you will work with some of the brightest minds in the industry, and you'll have a unique opportunity to solve some of the most interesting data challenges around efficiency and integrity, at a scale few companies can match. As we continue to expand and create, we have a lot of exciting work ahead of us! Manage and execute data warehouse plans for a product or a group of products to solve well-scoped problems. Identify the data needed for a business problem and implement logging required to ensure availability of data, while working with data infrastructure to triage issues and resolve. Collaborate with engineers, product managers and data scientists to understand data needs, representing key data insights visually in a meaningful way. Build data expertise and leverage data controls to ensure privacy, security, compliance, data quality, and operations for allocated areas of ownership. Design, build and launch new data models and visualizations in production, leveraging common development toolkits. Independently design, build and launch new data extraction, transformation and loading processes in production, mentoring others around efficient queries. Support existing processes running in production and implement optimized solutions with limited guidance. Define and manage SLA for data sets in allocated areas of ownership. Experience in the data warehouse space. Experience in custom ETL design, implementation and maintenance. Experience with object-oriented programming languages. Experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling. Experience in writing SQL statements. Experience analyzing data to identify deliverables, gaps and inconsistencies. Experience managing and communicating data warehouse plans to internal clients. BS/BA in Technical Field, Computer Science or Mathematics. Experience working with either a MapReduce or an MPP system. Knowledge and practical application of Python. Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. #LI-REMOTE
Titan America, LLC, is a leading environmentally and socially progressive heavy building materials company located in the eastern United States. Titan America is part of the TITAN Group, an independent, multi-regional producer of cement and other related building materials. Our products include cement, aggregate, ready-mixed concrete and fly ash beneficiation. TITAN Group has a record of continuous growth since its establishment in 1902. It has expanded its production and distribution operations into 13 countries, employing more than 5,500 people. Our products protect human life and personal property, improve the quality of life, generate economic prosperity and connect society.Titan Mid-Atlantic has an opening for a Junior Data Scientist for its Titan America operation location in Roanoke, VA. This hourly position will report directly to the Director of Process Improvement.Responsibilities: Selecting features, building, and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniquesData mining using state-of-the-art methodsExtending company’s data with third party sources of information when neededEnhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systemsProcessing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysisDoing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear mannerCreating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performanceRequired Skills: Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Python. Excellence in Python preferred.Great communication skillsExperience with data visualization tools, such as DOMO, Tableau, D3.js, GGplot, etc.Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL.Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.Good scripting and programming skillsData-oriented personalitySuccess begins with hiring the right people to collaborate with us as we grow and develop our business. People are central to everything we do. It is through their efforts and talents that Titan has been successful for over 100 years.Titan America is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) / Affirmative Action employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or other legally protected statusJob Type: Full-timePay: From $66,100.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One location
Position summary Carpenter Technology is looking for a data scientist intern to train, validate, and manage machine learning solutions to expedite its digital transformation. You will be responsible for assisting the entirety of ML model suite that address quality issues across the Carpenter production and process for all the business lines. With 130+ years industry leadership in specialty alloy products for EOM applications and additive manufacturing, Carpenter is harnessing industry 4.0 to drive next generation innovation. We are seeking highly motivated students with data science/statistics expertise to join our team. Location Philadelphia, PA  Primary responsibilities Apply data science techniques to massive structured / unstructured data sets across multiple environments to discover patterns and solve strategic / tactical business problems – process improvement, yield improvement, and product development. Familiar with statistical and machine learning models for detecting root causes in process and yield variability. Machine learning algorithms will be exercised are – Logit, probit, complementary log-log regression, Random Forest, GBMs such as XGBoost, AdaBoost, CatBoost, LightGBM, RusBoost, AveBoost, ORBoost, SMOTEBoost, Support Vector Machines, KNNs, MLP Neural Net, Convolutional Neural Net. Assist to develop prescriptions with actionable and controllable recipes for critical process variables from model parameters with baseline performance and estimated performance upon implementation of model prescriptions. Assist to conduct experiment for observational data to identify the factors associated with cost of poor quality and process variability Assist to develop anomaly detection models such as iForest, Local Outlier Factor, GMM, one class SVM, etc. to identify anomalous behavior in critical process inputs for both batch and stream processing. Assist to manage machine learning model life cycle through documentation, version control, model presentation, model audit, back testing, forward testing, benchmarking with the help of performance metrics. Drive the collection, cleansing, processing, and analysis of new and existing data sources Report findings through appropriate outputs and visualizations tailored for the intended audiences Generate innovative ideas, establish new research directions, and shape the information strategy in support of technical projects and new product developments Requirements & skills Candidates must be in their pre-final year/graduate of Bachelor or Master or PhD (or Recent Graduate) in computer science, mathematics, statistics, operations research, or related field Familiarity with model building, validation, and testing Knowledge of database query language (SQL) and scripting language (Python) are mandatory Strong knowledge of other programming languages and analysis tools (e.g., Scala, Java, Ruby, JavaScript, shell scripting) Familiarity with cloud-based solutions (e.g., Azure, AWS EMR) Strong understanding of data profiling and data cleansing techniques Natural curiosity and passion for empirical research and problem solving US citizen or green card holder (due to compliance requirements) Carpenter Technology Company offers a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package including life, medical, dental, vision, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, 401k with company contributions as well as many other options to employees. Carpenter Technology Corporation’s policy is to fully and effectively maintain a program of equal employment opportunity and nondiscrimination for all employees, to employ affirmative action for all protected classes, and to recruit and develop the best qualified persons available regardless of age, race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, political affiliation or any other characteristic protected by law. The Company also will recruit, develop and provide opportunities for qualified persons with disabilities and protected veterans.
Summary Posted: Apr 8, 2021 Role Number: 200214936 Want to contribute to the platform enabling the next generation of intelligent experiences in Apple products & services? Our group builds web-based tools that machine learning engineers from many Apple organizations depend on to create high impact product features. As a senior software engineer on our team you will lead the design and implementation of major new pieces of our popular internal machine learning platform. You’ll work with data scientists and ML engineers to identify useful and innovative functionality for model training and evaluation pipelines and then make it happen. Our friendly, enthusiastic, and accomplished team is actively growing; you will be encouraged and supported to do the best work of your career here, and you will have tremendous opportunity for impact. We offer a flexible, family-friendly working environment and a wide range of benefits. Key Qualifications Demonstrated experience delivering reliable, scalable, performant, and secure web-based systems and services in production. Expert software design and development skills, and a passion for code quality. Strong foundation in computer science fundamentals including data structures and algorithms. Creative, collaborative, and focused on user experience and value. Can independently prioritize and make progress on multiple work streams. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Comfortable representing our work to partners and leaders. Description This role includes the following responsibilities and requirements: * Architecture, design, development, debugging, documentation, and operation of large-scale systems designed for machine learning. This includes distributed systems for data management and computation as well as web oriented APIs and user interfaces. You should be comfortable and eager to work on either the front or back end of web based products. * Partner with data scientists and ML engineers across different Apple organizations to define high impact product features and deliver them with quality. Take pride and ownership in delivering delightful user experiences. * Be able to stay on top of state-of-the-art technologies and apply them in the job. * Lead other engineers and demonstrate best practices for software engineering. Support and mentor junior engineers. * Be knowledgable and productive with a wide variety of front and back-end technologies. Experience with any of the following technologies is particularly desirable: TypeScript, Python, Go, Java, HTML/CSS, React, Redis, PostgreSQL, Kafka, Spark, Solr or ElasticSearch, Docker/Kubernetes, AWS, Git. * Previous experience with machine learning pipelines, model evaluation, and data visualization is a plus. Education & Experience B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Science or related field Additional Requirements
New York City Data Science Instructor Jobs  With the new school year approaching, the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science instructors nationally and in New York City. As an instructor who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money teaching small groups of students, choose your own hours, and truly make a difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid 2x per week. Choose to tutor as much or as little as you want. Set your own hours and schedule. Get paired with students best-suited to your teaching style and preferences (from thousands of potential clients). Tutor online (i.e. ‚Äúwork remotely‚Äù) using our purpose-built Live Learning Platform. Students can take adaptive assessments through the platform and share results to help you decide where to focus. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a instructor:  You have a friendly, approachable personality and foster engagement among students. You have subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have excellent presentation skills and work well with groups.  >Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. Through small group instruction, instructors meet with groups typically ranging between 7-9 students for a more collaborative learning experience. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right instructors in a small group setting can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.
About Us We are a smaller and rapidly growing team of data nerds. The data science team at SimioCloud handles many different projects and we are looking to add our next team member. We are a group of passionate technology professionals who are committed to delivering best-in-class data, data science and software solutions for the nonprofit space. We care deeply about our clients’ needs and understand that the work we do has a direct impact on their ability to improve the lives of many people and further their missions. We believe in our people and our team as a place for growth, contribution and exciting challenges.About the JobYou will become the newest team member in a group with a diverse background from many industries coming together to build products from the ground up.As a data analyst you will help us organize, manage and ETL various data elements. You will be responsible for running ad hoc and prebuilt analytic products in a cloud-based environment as well as directly contributing to the development and enhancements of those products. You will learn and be expected to understand the business needs of our data, how we apply it and what we build from it. In this role you will have visibility and growth into many different areas of Analytics, Data Science and Engineering Development. You will be challenged to learn new things and your input to make enhancements is expected. Your key responsibilities include:ETL of data, writing SQL and working with databasesThe ability to troubleshoot errors and overcome technical challengesThe ability to comprehend the business applications of the dataOperate between various environments from disk to cloud with the appropriate toolsKeep organized and contribute to a system that allows growthConsult with developers and other data people as well as non-technical marketing partners and clientsAdditional ResponsibilitiesDoing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear mannerEnhancing data collection procedures for building analytic systemsProcessing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysisParticipating in Agile workflows to tackle larger development effortsDevelop simple automated scripts and basic tools that move products forwardAbout You - Skills and QualificationsWe are looking for individuals who are energized by challenge, growth and change; for individuals that want to build products and solutions in a fast-paced business environment.Be an aggressive life-long learnerCan navigate around changing environments to accomplish tasksSkills with database manipulation and writing query languages such as SQLExperience with data tools like AlteryxExperience with common data science toolkits, such as R or PythonExceptional communication skillsExperience with data visualization tools, such as PowerBIEducation / Experience The ideal candidate will have some combination of the following experience/education:Advanced Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or Computer Science1+ year experience in a business environment with an emphasis in consumer marketingExperience with consumer data productsPrevious technical training and hands-on data workAbout SimioCloud: SimioCloud with office locations in Westminster, CO is part of Moore and brings creative solutions, powerful technology, and cost-effective products to the nonprofit industry.This role is based in Westminster, CO and the team is located in that area. Currently this role will be remote due to COVID-19 until safe for everyone to regroup in an office location.“At SimioCloud, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armor believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $60,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:We sanitize all common areas, enforce social distancing, and have cleaning stations throughout the building.Ability to commute/relocate:Westminster, CO 80021: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Application Question(s):Do you have 1+ year experience in a business environment with an emphasis in consumer marketing?Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes
Location: The IKE AI Team Engineering Team in our Colorado office at 350 Interlocken Blvd, Broomfield, CO, 80021. Ability to come in-office as needed (3+ times a week). Salary: Anticipated annual compensation will be $85,000 – $130,000 flexible based on relevant experience. This is a full-time opportunity that offers full benefits including medical, dental, vision, 401(k) with match, and generous paid-time-off and holiday time. Why ikeGPS? Comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401K, and plenty of paid time off Make an impact – all of our employees contribute to our product and process! (Even our job descriptions) We are an established, public, well-funded company We have real customers! Our product is in-demand and there is a real need for it (no dotcom tomfoolery here!) Innovative culture - We foster a culture of Mad Inventing, challenging each other to learn new skills and make interesting contraptions in our spare time. Flexible work environment - we trust our employees to do their work because they want to, not because they’re forced to AI / Machine Learning Engineer Role Summary (Not Your Average Engineer Position): The Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer will be a key contributor to the engineering project specific to a product, a core of AI/ML functionality and additional features in AI/ML with different methods of persistence and integration. You will research solutions to engineering problems, design solutions with best practices, create the solutions either as an individual contributor and/or by mentoring/peer programming with other software engineers.  The role will be a key member of the AI Team, and will have a strong understanding of the product vision, the current product platform and supporting architecture, along with a strong technical background in relevant technologies.  Since a best-in-class infrastructure platform is critical, this role will have the responsibility of ensuring that ikeGPS' infrastructure platforms perform at best in class with a focus on information security management, system uptime and customer ease of use. This will require working closely with other Team Leads and the System Architect.  Inherent in the role is a desire to be proactive and focus on continuous improvement, resulting in a culture of high performance. AI / Machine Learning Engineer Responsibilities: Implement the assigned requirements and features, set and report on deliverables and timelines. Adhere to best practices for development within the Agile framework Ensure all projects are current and in source control. Provide inputs and proof of concept work to demonstrate ‘The Art of the Possible’ and help stakeholders understand what can be achieved using these technologies Track and monitor AI / ML model performance over time to ensure customer satisfaction Coordinate with relevant contractors / partners to ensure best in class architectures and designs AI / Machine Learning Engineer Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant area preferred but not required Proven experience using Python with at least one popular AI library (TensorFlow, PyTorch or OpenAI) Demonstrable capability to use with Keras, Cafe or a similar Python interface for artificial neural networks Machine Learning Experience (Model training and tuning, Data preparation, Neural networks for prediction, Activity recognition in videos) SHAP analysis and other model interrogation methods Data Augmentation Basic Linux AI / Machine Learning Engineer Preferred Qualifications: Relevant qualifications in AI / Machine Learning Experience with Pose Estimation (MediaPipe or OpenPose) for objects (not human pose estimation) and Object recognition with segmentation (not just bounding boxes) Secondary Tech Skill in the following technologies (React, NodeJS, JavaScript, MySQL, Web Services and/or Microservices, Blockly, Linux Administration and Shell Scripting LIDAR Recognition/Training datasets for object recognition in LIDAR Unity 3D Python language Bindings CUDA programming OpenCV Integral Calculus Trigonometry (law of tangents a plus) Probability mathematics Agile / Scrum team environment JSON Based Restful Web Services AWS, Docker or Kubernetes Experience working with offshore partners About ikeGPS: The United States and Canada are in the middle of a communications boom. The drive for more bandwidth is fueling amazing growth in the deployment of fiber and wireless networks. ikeGPS is changing the way communication companies like AT&T, Verizon, and Crown Castle deploy fiber and wireless networks. IKE Analyze from ikeGPS is achieving rapid adoption because we simply help communication companies deploy networks faster and safer while lower deployment costs through better efficiency. Our integrated field to cloud solutions allow our customers and partners to measure and assess Utility Poles and infrastructure using a unique combination of Laser, GPS, IMU, and Photogrammetry technologies, all based on a custom-built Android platform and corresponding Cloud service. We combine that with a killer team to create a full solution that delights customers in every way. ikeGPS' Core Values: We are a collective of pole measurement analysts, scientists, field data collectors, and customer advocates. We are on this planet to make a profound change in the lives of those we serve - every human connected through the workflow of pole provisioning projects. Together, we are building the power and communications infrastructure of the future.  Like many companies, we have our values. Our values are ours and we wear them in our own way. They guide us and they personify us. Our values are not something we leave at the office — they are a genuine part of who we are. And well, we think that makes our people exceptional at work and at life. Simplicity & clarity. Open company. No BS. Be yourself. Be the change you seek. Manaakitanga; with a literal meaning of ‘we rise by lifting others. The most important criteria for this role are a genuine fit with these values. Applicants for this position must be eligible to work in the United States. We are not looking for contract (C2C) hires at this time. #a #LI-NW1
Data Engineer  95% Remote - Occasional travel to Philadelphia for meetings etc. Full time permanent direct hire Competitive salary + Equity + Bonus  My client is seeking a Business Analyst to join their growing team. This is a full time permanent position with a growing tech company that was voted one of the best places to work! You can work remotely with occasional travel to Philadelphia, PA.  Qualified candidates will have most of experience most of the following skills:  Strong Bossiness Analyst experience Experience in a SaaS or Software Product Company Must love Data! (this position will interface heavily with the Data Science team and focus on Data Analytic software products) Experience with CMS systems is a big plus Requirements gathering Good communication skills A passion for technology and making a difference!  Benefits include:  Competitive salary + bonus Equity in the company/Stock options Flexible schedule Work from home flex/95% remote Unlimited PTO Health insurance, dental, vision, etc. 401k match Great company culture Tons of room for growth  If you are interested in this opportunity please apply by sending your resume to brett@libertyjobs.com and I will respond with more info.  Please keep in mind even if this is not a perfect match for you I work in all areas of IT and have over 100 full time permanent openings, so please still send me your resume. Also, if you know anyone looking I offer referral bonuses.  Brett Schade  Liberty Personnel Services, Inc. 410 Feheley Drive | King of Prussia, PA 19406  Direct Line: 484.567.2098  brett@libertyjobs.com www.libertyjobs.com  http://www.linkedin.com/in/brettschade - @HotPhillyITjobs  #LI-BS1  #IT  #Midsenior  #Libertyjobs  #Data  #LI-Remote
Requires strong understanding of statistical analysis and mathematical analysis; knowledge and understanding of data modeling and visualization; understanding of graph theory, and application of graph database and modeling; ability to develop cloud analytics and machine learning algorithms; Python scripting ability is preferred; proficient use of tools, tradecraft and databases
Do you want to be part of Boston’s hottest up and coming startup? Insurify is one of the fastest-growing MIT FinTech startups and has been recognized as a global Top 100 InsurTech company. We’re changing the way millions of people compare and buy insurance with artificial intelligence, technology, and superior product design. Founded in 2013 by Snejina Zacharia (CEO), Todor Kiryazov (CPO) and Giorgos Zacharia, Co-founder and Board Member, Insurify has raised $28 million in venture capital funding from top investors including Viola Group, MTech Capital, Hearst Ventures, Nationwide Ventures and MassMutual Ventures. Our team is highly analytical, fast-moving, and focused on one thing: getting more people to compare insurance quotes using Insurify. How you will make an impact Run research studies that compile and analyze multiple data points to create interesting story angles that inform our users and are broadcast on news outlets such as Fox, ABC, and CBS Research/collect data for and write original editorial pieces targeted at auto insurance shoppers (research will involve data-driven analysis, so a head for both letters and numbers is required) Work with our SEO and product teams to build out our content strategy Support SEO initiatives on both quantitative and qualitative levels What you need to succeed Undergraduate degree with relevant coursework, preferably in both writing and quantitative analysis Experience writing, posting, and managing web content Comfort and experience with database research; proficiency in Excel or similar data management software; Python, SQL, and/or R a plus. Quick learning ability and a general understanding of the insurance industry (prior industry knowledge is desirable but not required) A team player with a solid work ethic who is ready to pivot between projects, learn from mistakes, always move forward, and help build the next big thing in insurance! Benefits Employee stock options 401K plan Great healthcare plan Unlimited vacation and sick time Free snacks and beverages every day in office Team lunches and outings Friendly office culture We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
Dealership: L0105 Lithia Home Office DART Data Science Analyst The DART Data Science Analyst is responsible for assisting our core business units, including FP&A, Performance Management, Corporate Finance, Compensation, Marketing and our Digital Innovation and Information Technology Group with analyses, report generation and special projects that may arise. This position is part of the DART (Data Analytics Rotational Training) program and is a key role in providing analyses and insight for management to make informed decisions. The DART program is looking to develop business users who understand the value behind the insights to lead analytical initiatives. Rotations enable analysts to build competencies across a spectrum of subjects to accelerate growth. The specific role may be fine-tuned based on the candidate. The DART Analyst reports to the FP&A Director.  Responsibilities Integrate data from various sources, provide high-level insight to senior management. Provide key information to management by using statistical tools to interpret data sets, and preparing reports that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions based on relevant findings. Process, clean, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis Collaborate cross-departmentally to understand business objectives and accomplish projects. Assist in the development and enhancement of reporting. Develop broad understanding of all organizational data and intercompany processes; offer improvements to workflow. Participate in refining and developing process and tools that support team objectives. Perform ad-hoc analyses and present results in a clear manner Skills and Qualifications Microsoft Office Organization Technical Comprehension Detail oriented Critical thinking Communication Collaboration Active listening Time management Exposure to Power BI, Tableau, or other data visualization tools Exposure to SQL/R/Python or other programming languages Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Economics, Business, Statistics, Accounting, Marketing, Information Technology, or related field 0-2 years of previous experience in a related role Ability to set priorities and perform a variety of complex and broad work assignments Master’s Degree in Statistics, Data Analytics, Information Technology, or related field 0-2 years of previous experience in a related role Competencies Does the right thing, takes action and adapts to change Self-motivates, believes in accountability, focuses on results, makes plans and follows through Believes in humility, shares best practices, desires to keep learning, measures performance and adapts to improve results Thrives on a team, stays positive, lives our values Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the job.* Up to 1/3 of time: standing, walking, lifting up to 25 pounds Up to 2/3 of time: sitting, kneeling, reaching, talking, hearing *Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals to perform the essential functions. NOTE: This is not necessarily an exhaustive list of responsibilities, skills, or working conditions associated with the job. While this list is intended to be an accurate reflection of the current job, the company reserves the right to revise the functions and duties of the job or to require that additional or different tasks be performed. We offer best in class industry benefits: Competitive pay Medical, Dental and Vision Plans Paid Holidays & PTO Short and Long-Term Disability Paid Life Insurance 401(k) Retirement Plan Employee Stock Purchase Plan Lithia Learning Center Vehicle Purchase Discounts Wellness Programs High School graduate or equivalent, 18 years or older required. Acceptable driving record and a valid driver's license in your state of residence necessary for select roles. We are a drug free workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity (regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status). We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
Affinity Solutions develops and delivers data-led intelligence platform solutions that use granular purchase signals from nearly 100,000 credit and debit cards, matched to third-party datasets, to help brand marketers, agencies, media organizations, and other enterprises deliver high impact experiences and results that provably grow their businesses and enrich consumers’ lives. Building on our foundation of innovative loyalty solutions for Financial Institutions and precision marketing for Retailers we’ve redefined data-driven consumer insights and marketing to make it highly personalized, engaging, and effective. Data Scientist Affinity Solutions seeks a smart, curious, technically savvy and experienced candidates to join our cutting-edge data science team. We hire the best and brightest and give them the opportunity to work on industry-leading technologies. The data sciences team at AFS build models, machine learning algorithms that power all our ad-tech/mar-tech products at scale, develop methodology and tools to precisely and effectively measure market campaign effects, and research in-house and public data sources for consumer spend behavior insights. In this role, you'll be spearheading the company’s advanced predictive modeling and analytical innovation to bring the analytical capability to the next level. In addition, you'll be expected to play an important role in carrying out R&D agenda, and in product deliveries for different business on time and quality. Duties and Responsibilities Support all clients modeling needs, including model development, maintenance and improvement of the company’s current modeling/scoring methodology and processes, and to ensure on time and quality delivery, Provide innovative and automated solutions to customized modeling/scoring/targeting with appropriate ML/statistical tools, Work with the data engineering team on the data platform initiative to enable client building modeling through API. Engage in R&D to explore, test and implement new modeling methods and technology. Mine large consumer datasets in the cloud environment to support ad hoc business and statistical analysis, Provide analytical/statistical support such as marketing test design, projection, campaign measurement, market insights to clients and stakeholders. Communicate the methodologies and the results to the management, clients, and other non-technical stakeholders.  Basic Qualifications Advanced degree in Statistics/Mathematics/Computer Science/Economics or other fields that requires advanced training in data modeling and analytics. Deep understanding and solid knowledge of the fundamentals of statistic reasoning and data modeling. Excellent in conceptualization of business problem and be able to craft sound and practical modeling and analytical solutions to solve the problems. Industry experience in classification, time series and survival modeling/algorithm, and in statistical tests to solve business problems such as targeting, test design, KPI projection and performance measurement. Excellent command of one or more programming languages, preferably Python or R for business data modeling and analytics. Experience and comfortable working in the Cloud environment and familiar with one of the database technologies such as PostgreSQL, MySQL and at ease with SQL queries. Entrepreneurial, highly self-motivated, collaborative, keen attention to detail, willingness and capable learn quickly, and ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a demanding environment. Be flexible and able to be productive in a wide range of data science areas. Great communication skills (verbal, written and presentation)  Preferred Qualifications Experience or exposure to large consumer and/or demographic data sets. Familiarity with data manipulation and cleaning routines and techniques.  As a full-time member of Affinity Solutions’ team, your benefits will begin on the first of the month following your date of employment, with a generous Affinity Solutions contribution for medical, dental, and vision. In addition to company paid holidays, wellness time off, other wellness benefits, and employee discounts, you will also get Affinity-paid life insurance and have the option to enroll into an Affinity-matched 401K Plan. We strongly encourage work/life balance by providing unlimited vacation days, available starting on your first day as a team member.
What you'll do...  Focuses on modeling while generating actionable insights and solutions for our clients. Ability to start with raw data to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple sources. Skilled at working with relational data. Interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments in a compelling manner to internal partners or other teams at H&R Block.  Demonstrates curiosity during ad hoc analysis and projects. Focused on accuracy of results. Executes against set objectives while actively seeking additional guidance. Conducts univariate and multivariate testing, linear regression, and can execute unsupervised learning and data reduction with supervision. May use K-means, PCA, or Factor Analysis. Experience with Decision Trees. Wrangle and analyze data from raw to provide repeatable and accurate conclusions. Works with the Data Science Leadership team to provide actionable insights to specific business questions. Executes analytical Experiments methodically to help solve identified problems or questions.   What you'll bring to the team...  Education: Bachelor's degree in a related field or the equivalent through a combination of education and related work experience. Work Experience: Intermediate (practical application) Decision Trees Advanced (applied theory) Understanding of experimental design Intermediate (practical application) Can execute unsupervised learning and data reduction with supervision (e.g. K-means, Principal Component Analysis (PCA), Factor Analysis) Intermediate (practical application) Linear Regression Intermediate (practical application) Univariate and multivariate testing Intermediate (practical application) Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) Intermediate (practical application) Python or R Advanced (applied theory) Spreadsheet tools (e.g. Excel) Advanced (applied theory) Experience using SQL in a business environment  Sponsored Job #hrbjob #LI-DM1
Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game. Who are we looking for We are looking for a principal data scientist to help drive the technical roadmap and execution for data science in support of product merchandising. This is a new role, and a new and exciting area of data science at Nike! This principal-level individual contributor role will be responsible for blazing the path forward in a manner that maximizes impact, while respecting the need for both art and science in product design. What will you work on You will… Get in on ground floor of a new area of data science and help systematically build it out. Build data science models that produce useful insights for product design. Mentor accomplished data scientists. Collaborate with the broader data science community within Nike, including teams supply chain optimization and demand forecasting. Who will you work with You will be a key member of the Product Design and Merchandising Data Science team, reporting to the Senior Director of Product Design and Merchandising Data Science. Product Design and Merchandising Data Science is part of Nike’s Consumer Data Science sub-organization, and Insights function. As a result, you will also be a member of the broader data science community at Nike, and participate in our data science labs, study groups, team activities and attend conferences.  What you bring Deep knowledge in data science, whether from an economics, statistics, or computer science background and POV. Strong coding skills, with experience working in Python and Amazon AWS preferred. Familiarity with recent research published in at data science conferences such as SIGKDD. Experience developing strong partnerships with engineering, product, and analytics teams. Product and entrepreneurial mentality. Comfort with working in new and uncharted spaces. NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world. NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
Qualifications Degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics or equivalent experience Ability to write clean and maintainable code in an object-oriented language (e.g. Python, Scala, Java) Experience building data pipelines in a professional setting (e.g. internship) is a plus Familiarity with analytics libraries (e.g. pandas, numpy, matplotlib), distributed computing frameworks (e.g. Spark, Dask) and cloud platforms (e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP) Exposure to software engineering concepts and best practices, inc. DevOps, DataOps and MLOps is beneficial Willingness to travel Who You'll Work With You will be based in our Boston, Chicago, Montreal, New York or Toronto offices, and will part of our global data engineering community. You will work in cross-functional Agile project teams alongside data scientists, machine learning engineers, other data engineers, project managers, and industry experts. You will work hand-in-hand with our clients, from data owners, users, and fellow engineers to C-level executives. Who you are You are a highly collaborative individual who wants to solve problems that drive business value. You have a strong sense of ownership and enjoy hands-on technical work. Our values resonate with yours. What You'll Do As a Junior Data Engineer, you will: Help to build and maintain the technical platform for advanced analytics engagements, spanning data science and data engineering work Design and build data pipelines for machine learning that are robust, modular, scalable, deployable, reproducible, and versioned Create and manage data environments and ensure information security standards are maintained at all times Understand clients data landscape and assess data quality Map data fields to hypotheses and curate, wrangle, and prepare data for use in advanced analytics models Have the opportunity to contribute to R&D projects and internal asset development Contribute to cross-functional problem-solving sessions with your team and our clients, from data owners and users to C-level executives, to address their needs and build impactful analytics solutions Our tech stack: While we advocate for using the right tech for the right task, we often leverage the following technologies: Python, PySpark, the PyData stack, SQL, Airflow, Databricks, our own open-source data pipelining framework called Kedro, Dask/RAPIDS, container technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes, cloud solutions such as AWS, GCP, and Azure, and more! What you'll benefit from: Real-World Impact– No project is ever the same, we work with top-tier clients across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally. Fusing Tech & Leadership– We work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first-class learning programs at all levels. Multidisciplinary Teamwork- Our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, UX and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance. Innovative Work Culture– Creativity, insight, and passion come from being balanced. We cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks, and training sessions. Striving for Diversity– With colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognize the benefits of working with people from all walks of life. Continuous development and progression– We offer an extensive choice of training sessions, ranging from workshops to international conferences, tailored to your needs as well as a personal mentorship system. We have multiple career paths and geographic locations to evolve within the Firm. Global community– you'll learn from colleagues around the world by connecting both internally and externally through our various hosted meet-ups. Visit our Careers siteto watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits.
Principal Data Engineer Healthtech New York City/Remote $180,000 - $200,000 Do you want to use your data engineering skills to solve real-world problems? Are you ready to work with cutting-edge people and technology daily? THE COMPANY This healthtech enterprise is working on cutting-edge applied science to create a safer world for all, through the development of artificial intelligence-centered technology. If you are a top-tier Data Engineer with a desire to help change the global landscape of healthtech, then this could be the position for you. THE ROLE - Principal Data Engineer As the Principal Data Engineer, you will be hands-on using AWS, SQL, and Python daily with a team of Software, Data, and DevOps Engineers. You will have access to massive amounts of patient data and be responsible for the end-to-end management of data from various sources. You will work with structured and unstructured data to solve complex problems in the medical care industry. In this role you will be expected to: Autonomously decide which technology is best to scale this business Work with various teams throughout the company to ensure data is ready for their needs Build secure, scalable ETL pipelines in the cloud - AWS Collaborate with Data Science, AI, and Computer Vision teams to ensure the infrastructure supports the business growth initiatives Work with large amounts of structured and unstructured data YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE: Degree educated in a numerical discipline (computer science or relevant field) Proven Experience building ETL pipelines and data platforms in a professional environment An understanding of the toolbox necessary to perform in the data technologies workshop Commercial experience using Python, AWS, SQL, Kubernetes, Airflow, and similar to build data pipelines Excellent communication skills to work cross-functionally BENEFITS: As the Principal Data Engineer, you can expect to earn up to $200,000 (depending on experience), 401k, medical, dental, vision, commuter benefits, and much more. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your resume to Danny Macdonald via the Apply link on this page. KEYWORDS: Data Engineer, SQL, Python, R, Scala, Spark, Hadoop, Kafka, AWS, Analytics, Pipelines, Data Architecture, Unstructured Data, ETL, Software Engineer, Kubernetes, Airflow, Data Management
Requisition Id 5880 Purpose The Combustion and Fuel Science Research (CFSR) Group at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) is seeking applicants for a junior research staff position to conduct research on internal combustion engines, fundamental combustion, and fuel chemical kinetics. The successful candidate will be capable of performing computational fluid dynamics (CFD) simulations of internal combustion engines and multi-dimensional reacting flows using a variety of combustion and turbulence models and codes. The candidate will use machine learning tools to gain insights into complex and vast datasets as well as perform multi objective optimizations. The selected applicant will be involved in both applied and fundamental combustion research projects, targeting spark ignition, compression ignition and advanced combustion concepts. The position is in the Combustion and Fuel Science Research Group in the Buildings and Transportation Science Division. Research will be conducted at ORNL’s National Transportation Research Center. Successful candidates will serve as the technical communicator at conferences and project review meetings as well as interface with collaborating scientists at other national labs, industry, and universities. Major Duties / Responsibilities Conduct pioneering research projects in applied/fundamental combustion and fuel property effects using modern modeling techniques. Collaborate with experimentalists to improve synergy between experimental and modeling results. Be familiar with the state-of-the-art modeling techniques, internal combustion engine and fuel chemistry research. Assist in expanding research portfolio to take advantage of multi-disciplinary teams, tools, and capabilities unique to ORNL, both internally and externally. Collaborate with other multi-physics modeling groups within the laboratory. Work with other principal investigators in proposal writing. Presenting research results to and interact with stakeholders, industry partners, other national laboratories, and at technical meetings. Writing and publishing articles in high-impact peer-reviewed journals and conferences. Qualifications A Ph.D. in mechanical engineering or chemical engineering, or closely related field with a focus on combustion, fuel chemistry or internal combustion engines. Knowledge of internal combustion engine fundamentals, turbulent combustion modeling, parallel computing and chemical kinetics is required. Experience in modeling and simulation of reacting flows using CFD codes (e.g., CONVERGE, OpenFoam, KIVA, NEK5000, etc) is required. Experience with data science, machine learning, response surface design, and optimization algorithms is desirable. Applicants should have experience in some of the following: Chemical kinetic mechanism analysis and development (0-D up to 3-D simulations) Turbulence modeling (RANS and LES) Combustion modeling (Direct chemistry, Level-set, Coherent Flamelet approaches, etc.) Fuel spray modeling (Lagrangian and VOF approaches, etc.) Conjugate heat transfer modeling Experience performing simulations on large Linux based clusters and supercomputers is desired. Excellent oral and written communication skills are expected. Strong interpersonal skills fostering teamwork and collaborations. Demonstrated publication record of scientific results in high impact peer-reviewed journals and presentations at national meetings, are expected. Some travel will be required for this position. No clearance is required. This position will remain open for a minimum of 5 days after which it will close when a qualified candidate is identified and/or hired. We accept Word (.doc, .docx), Adobe (unsecured .pdf), Rich Text Format (.rtf), and HTML (.htm, .html) up to 5MB in size. Resumes from third party vendors will not be accepted; these resumes will be deleted and the candidates submitted will not be considered for employment. If you have trouble applying for a position, please email ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov. ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, are encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer.
Equivalent Experience  Description: Our team is looking for a highly skilled, driven, ambitious data science practitioner with strong programming, machine learning and statistical skills. You will help bring data to life to solve business problems. You will work collaboratively to design analytical solutions that harness internal and external data (including connected vehicle data) and leverage visualizations, predictive analytics, and prescriptive methods, to help the right decision makers make the right decisions at the right time. As a Data Scientist on the team, you will collaborate with partners in vehicle connectivity, purchasing, product development, warranty and other Ford functions to define problems, identify data, develop data pipelines, develop machine learning algorithms, leverage operations research techniques, and deploy software solutions to provide actionable insights that deliver measurable, transformational benefits to Ford. We are especially excited about candidates with prior experience in connected vehicle data and scalable technologies such as Hadoop/Spark. • Explore and analyze both structured and unstructured data. Manipulate high-volume, high-dimensional data from a variety of sources to identify value-generating patterns, anomalies, relationships, and trends, and solve critical roadblocks • Query and manipulate data from big data platforms and databases (e.g. Hadoop, Teradata, SQL Server, Oracle) using Hive, SCOOP, Spark, and/or SQL • Develop efficient Alteryx workflows, Python and PySpark scripts to perform data extraction, data mining, and data wrangling • Master the details of connectivity data, how it is produced, stored, and curated, and what the variables mean in relation to vehicle operation • Utilize analytical applications like Python and R and Big Data technologies (Hadoop/ Spark) to identify trends and relationships between different pieces of Ford-owned and third-party data, and draw insightful and actionable conclusions Responsibilities: • Interact with business partners and stakeholders in Vehicle Connectivity, Purchasing, Material Cost, Product Development, Finance to acquire deep understanding of the business problems, processes and data • Translate business problems into scalable machine learning models to address real-world challenges • Encode analytical models and mathematical abstractions into robust computer programs to obtain timely, meaningful and actionable insight into the data • Deliver analytic models using skills such as statistical analysis, machine learning, algorithm design, and model development and refinement in R, Data Robot, Python, and/or Alteryx • Design intuitive visual interfaces in Python, QlikView, R, and/or Tableau for users to interact with the data Skills: Data science, data sets, Python, alteryx, Data, Predictive modelling, Predictive analytics Top Skills Details: Data science,data sets,Python,alteryx Additional Skills & Qualifications: Skills Required: • Hands-on knowledge and proven record of using on the job outside of academia the following tools: o Alteryx o Python/PySpark o QlikView (preferred) or Tableau o Hadoop o R o SQL • Strong technical mindset and demonstrate a passion for applying state-of-the-art solutions to novel and challenging problems • Stay current with advances in emerging technologies and analytic solutions for use in quantitative model development • Well-organized, independent and ready to work with minimal supervision • Ensure overall quality of the data and solutions throughout the development process; continuously monitor and improve the analytical solutions post-delivery • Interpret results, write timely and high-quality work reports, and communicate model insights to business customers and cross-functional teams Tools: • Java • Scala • Hadoop/Spark • Data Robot • SQLServer • Oracle • Teradata • Hive • SCOOP • Agile Central/Rally, Jira, Git Experience Level: Entry Level About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
Role: Data AnalystLocation: San Antonio, TX/ RemoteDuration: Long TermRequirementsExcellence in designing and implementing data collecting instrumentsExcellence in analyzing dataFamiliarity with Christian higher education, especially a seminary environmentAbility to organize and accomplish multiple projects with minimal supervisionAbility to organize, present, and archive institutional dataAbility to work well with others across all organizational levelsExcellent communication skills, written and verbal, in individual and group settings, including the ability to deal tactfully with different audiencesAbility to show and communicate data visuallyCommitment to the mission of Dallas Theological SeminaryBachelor’s degree in a related field such as data science, computer science, or statisticsKnowledge of advanced statistical methodsExperience with Power BI, Tablo, SPSS, SQL, R, Python, and relevant query languagesExperience in data analysisTrained in sound data practicesProlonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computerMust be able to lift up to 25lbs. at timesFrequent movement around campus and walking between buildingsDutiesSupport the data and procedural needs of the institutional effectiveness process, including any assistance needed by the Institutional Effectiveness CommitteeFacilitate data collectionMaintain research related databasesEnsure the integrity of data and its reportingMaintain institutional survey dataOrganizing longitudinal data for the SeminaryConsult with departments about research needs and interpretation of dataMaintain confidentiality of dataPrepare data sets for dissemination both privately and publiclyOther related tasks assigned by the Director of IREVisa: Any EADJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $60,000.00 - $75,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Health insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Python: 1 year (Required)Language:English (Preferred)Willingness To Travel:25% (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
Marlette Funding is a consumer financial technology (fintech) business that offers consumers low-rate personal loans through its Best Egg® brand.Marlette has experienced tremendous growth since its inception in 2014, with over $12B in consumer loans originated. Today, we’ve grown to over 300 employees, enjoy strong employee engagement scores and have been recognized numerous times as a best workplace in the mid-sized and fintech categories.Our goal is to create a positive workplace where our employees develop and thrive. To accomplish this we hire smart, highly driven people and frequently solicit their input and feedback to ensure that our culture and work environment meets their needs. Employees receive plenty of perks including competitive salary, bonuses, 401k match, generous PTO and holidays, a well-stocked kitchen (when we’re back in the office) and numerous fun events and charitable opportunities.*Marlette celebrates diversity and equal opportunity. *We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better we will grow.Data ScientistNewark, CA or Wilmington, DEFull-Time, Direct HireAt Marlette we believe everybody should have the opportunity to enjoy life. As a fast growing fintech, we are on a mission to help our customers gain easy access to funds and reach their financial goals. Our Best Egg personal loan product has an impeccable record and stands out in the industry with its strong value proposition and overwhelmingly positive customer reviews.Data is at the heart of everything we do. Join a Data Science team working at the cutting edge within our industry and constantly advancing our ML practice. Our Data Science team is dedicated to creating machine-learning models that power innovation and creative insights that pioneer new products and help our business reach the next level. We work on diverse projects across all business units within the company and have a direct engagement model between data scientists and business stakeholders.Join a collaborative group of Data Scientists skilled in predictive analytics and help them to deploy and monitor real-time production-grade models in projects spanning the business from credit risk, direct marketing targeting, fraud operations, and many more! Enjoy the stability of a profitable, award winning fintech and challenge yourself with plenty of growth and upward mobility within a data rich environment. Be a part of a growing team using the latest tools and technologies to disrupt the industry and empower our customers to reach their financial goals.Role HighlightsBe a part of the founding team to shape our new non-lending product and its roadmap.Architect and establish general analytic and ML protocol in various aspects of our non-lending products: From data-driven customer interactions and journey, to gaining insights of customers behaviors, to identify opportunities in the form of new product services or features.Go deep in customers’ credit and financial situations, and help them to overcome challenges.Be customers’ messenger to tell their stories to business stakeholders.Collaborate with business stakeholders to grab data-driven opportunities.Enjoy a culture rich in learning and frequent small wins, our Data Science team is small but mighty and contributes insights to decisions made across the entire business.To be successful in this roleAt least one year of data science experience or work program equivalents in a relevant field. Data science experience in social media or internet forum is a big plus.Proficiency in Python to develop machine learning models is required.Knowledge in Amazon Sagemaker is a plusSelf-motivated and high creativity in problem solving; ability to immerse in customers’ point of view and tell their stories.Freestyle thinker; identify new areas that could benefit from data science.Knowledge in natural language processing (NLP).Proficiency in various Machine Learning algorithms both supervised and unsupervised.Ability to work in a fast-paced and fast-changing environment.Enjoy a culture rich in direct communication, no politics, and continual learning - where we celebrate success and have fun tooOur Brand: At Best Egg, we believe money should be accessible so people can reach their goals, live a fuller life, and feel pride in knowing they have taken control of their finances. For those who need extra money to achieve the progress they seek in life, Best Egg is the modern solution-minded finance provider that mixes decades of banking experience with smart technology and deep customer insight to create products designed for today’s borrower, so that people can establish a smoother financial path. The egg symbolizes protection and a fresh start.*Recruiting Agencies: * We appreciate what you do and understand how challenging it can be, however please do not send us unsolicited resumes or cold outreach to our employees, job listings or recruiting team.Job Type: Full-time
Business Intelligence DeveloperGeneral DescriptionTVG-Medulla, LLC company, is a high-growth organization that powers two high-quality chiropractic care organizations, Chiro One Wellness Centers and MyoCore Personalized Pain Care clinics. With over 80 clinics across the nation, our clinic care teams provide non-invasive, drug-free chiropractic care to thousands of patients each month.Medulla is looking for an advanced analytics analyst to drive patient acquisition via providing sales and marketing analytics. We have several exciting initiatives planned around business and clinic optimization, digital marketing expansion, and continued growth in emerging markets.In this critical role on the IT team, you will have a direct impact on shaping our organization’s strategy. This role will have the unique opportunity to predict the news, versus simply reporting on the news! You will be responsible for using a combination of business intuition and advanced analytic techniques including statistics and optimization to develop models, products and technologies that create value across our organization. You will deliver dashboard, scorecards, models, and insights to our leadership team to drive key decisions that enable continued growth and optimization.Essential Functions and ResponsibilitiesDevelop and automate analytics solutions to answer key business questions, provide self-service analytics, and enable faster data-decision making.Design analytics, dashboards, reports, and data sets that allow actionable recommendations to be discerned from critical KPI’s.Responsible for defining a comprehensive measurement framework and roadmap for analytics.Create dashboards to consistently monitor key performance metrics, allowing the team to identify trends and adjust as needed to optimize performance to goals.Ad-hoc analyses and trend examination; Conduct exploratory/deep dive analysis into business questions.Provide analysis in digestible formats and dashboards for senior leadership.Provide insight and experience in recommending appropriate data models.Minimum QualificationsBachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Data Science, Finance, Math, Quantitative or Statistics2+ years of Data Analytics & Query Design; proficient in SQL1+ years of hands-on experience developing optimized SQL queries across large volumes of data in both relational and multi-dimensional data.1+ years of experience using leading Business Intelligence tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Python, Power Automate, and Power AppsDeep understanding of underlying data requirements and necessary architecture to support dashboard solutions.Knowledge of best practices in data visualization, and the most appropriate visualization to “tell the story.”Able to share a portfolio of data visualizations created & the ability to speak to the goal of the dashboard and what insights were provided.Working knowledge of database architecturePreferred QualificationsAbility to provide architectural recommendations around data structures, sourcing, performance, scalability, and security.Experience with cloud tools to assist with data cleansing & data integration a plus.Python and advanced Excel skillsHands on experience with CRM tools such as Salesforce or Microsoft Dynamics a plus.Job CompetenciesSelf-starter with an analytical and collaborative orientation; embraces rolling up your sleeves (process mapping, data cleansing).Skilled at project and process management to balance between urgent and important requests.Thrives on change and comfortable with ambiguity.Excellent written and verbal communication skills, dedicated to codifying knowledge to promote understanding across analytical and non-analytical audiences.Values building strong partnerships and building consensus across cross-functional teams.Proficiency in accessing, linking, and analyzing data from structured and unstructured data environments, partnering with IT to establish infrastructure to facilitate adoption of standardized metrics/reports and data discovery.DisclaimerAll team members agree to consistently support compliance and TVG-Medulla, LLC policies and Standards of Excellence with regard to maintaining the privacy and confidentiality of information, protecting the assets of the organization, acting with ethics and integrity, reporting non-compliance, adhering to applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations, accreditation, and licenser requirements (if applicable), and Medulla procedures and protocols. Must perform other related duties and assist with project completion as needed. Team member may be required to provide necessary information to complete a DMV (or equivalent agency) background check.Job Type: Full-timePay: $90,000.00 - $100,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayApplication Question(s):Will you now or in the future require sponsorship?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:SQL: 2 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
At a lot of organizations, it is hard to stand out. Everyone is working on the same projects; creating and testing as fast and efficiently as humanly possible. Don’t get lost in the crowd. Team Daugherty offers the opportunity to work on something different. With every project comes the unique opportunity to showcase your skills. Team Daugherty is looking to grow the Data and Analytic space here in Dallas. Potential roles could include: Informational Architect, Information Analyst, Data Engineer, or Big Data Developer. Ideal candidates for these positons are problem solvers with the ability to utilize insights, creativity, and perspective to drive business success for our clients. In these roles, you could have the opportunity to work with analysts, technical team leads, and software engineers on business intelligence related architectural issues and best practices. You may also assess organizational readiness, plan and execute a proof of concept, and lead an implementation plan to success. Now, imagine yourself: Assisting in the design and development of reports and dashboards for varying levels of the organization (operational through executive management). Assembling large, complex data sets that meet functional/non-functional business requirements. Collaborating with clients to design information management and business intelligence solutions. Analyzing application specifications and technology approaches to ensure business requirements are met and are scalable for future product releases. Creating custom software components and employing a variety of languages and tools. Working with business analyst and management to recommend future application solutions. The types of technologies that we work with: Interest in joining our crew? Here are a few things that we look for: Ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly. Interest in working with tools and technologies such as: Hadoop, Informatica, Vertica, Business Objects, Cassandra, Kafka, Postgres, BigTable, Oracle, Teredata, MarkLogic, MongoDB, MatLab, HBase, Hive, CouchDB, Sklearn, Azure, PostGIS, Redshift, SAS, Memcache, Redis, Pandas, Accumulo, NumPy, TensorFlow, Python, BASH, Scala, Julia, Spark, Map Reduce, Elastic Search, AWS, Splunk, Sqoop, Kibana, Spark Streaming, Solr, DynamoDB, SoftLayer, DigitalOcean, Google Cloud, Ansible, Jenkins, Crystal Reports, Qlik, Docker, Chef, Zoomdata, SPSS, AMOS, LISREL, Theanos, t-tests, power analysis, ANOVA, ANCOVA, linear regression, logistic regression, ARIMA, factor analysis, principal components, decision trees, Naïve Bayes, K-Nearest Neighbors, Neural Networks, Random Forest, K-means clustering, Gaussian Mixture Models, GPFS, Kudu, Impala, Kinesis, GCP, Salt, Puppet, Pentaho, Jaspersoft, Talend, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Domo, Looker, Nifi, Spotfire, D3, PowerPivot, Power BI, Actian Vector, StremSets, REST, GraphQL, Kubernetes, GIS, Airflow, Oozie, Node Red, Mic
About Us: Love Justice International (LJI) is a Christian nonprofit organization compelled by God’s love to fight the world’s greatest injustices. We fight injustice in two primary ways: through our expanding anti-human trafficking work and by caring for orphaned and abandoned children. We currently work throughout Asia and Africa. Position Type: Full-time, Salaried Position Overview: LJI adopts a data-centric and evidence-based approach to all aspects of our work. For our anti-trafficking program, we collect, verify, and analyze data about victims and suspected traffickers, using our own software, which helps to provide insight into traffickers’ strategies and to evaluate our work. For our children’s ministry, we implemented a comprehensive assessment strategy, aimed at measuring 14 different developmental outcomes in our children, including academic performance, emotional stability, and pro-social behavior, comparing them to control groups in Nepal. The primary duty of the Data Scientist is to bring scientific and statistical methodologies to bear on the evaluation and execution of key program strategies. The Data Scientist will report to the President. The position is based in South Africa. All candidates should be willing to travel one to two months per year (spread over multiple shorter trips). Primary Duties and Responsibilities: Help build and continually improve predictive assessments used for hiring in a variety of positions Finding ways to objectively measure the positive outcomes in children in our homes against the wider population. Helping us maximize the effective and intelligent use of statistical tools in analyzing our anti-trafficking data and migration survey data in order to help us more effectively prevent human trafficking and lead people toward safe and prosperous foreign employment. Using scientific and mathematical tools to optimize decision-making and policy formulation in all areas of our work. Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, capable of assessing complex issues and finding systematic solutions Ability to multi-task and manage various projects simultaneously A master's degree or higher (doctoral degree preferred) in data science, research methods, statistics in the social sciences, or a related field Please apply on our Careers Page. Email careers@lovejustice.ngo with questions.
An Oncology Research Laboratory in Silicon Valley is actively seeking a Clinical Laboratory Scientist / Medical Data Scientist to join their growing organization.  The Clinical Laboratory Scientist will report to the Laboratory Leader, and will be a member of a growing outpatient laboratory. The CA licensed CLS will be proficient in Chemistry and Hematology, with experience with blood bank as well.  The CLS generalist will be performing high complexity testing for Molecular Diagnostic techniques, including nucleic acid extraction, PCR, genotyping and next generation sequencing. The Clinical Laboratory Scientist will be responsible for participating in reagent and assay quality control and validations as needed. The CLS Generalist will be responsible for evaluating sample integrity and adhering to relevant procedures in cases of unacceptable specimens.  The busy laboratory is supporting a cutting edge genomic testing company for cancer detection and treatment. The company uses diagnostic tests to help find cancer and make informed decisions for better cancer care.  In this role, the Clinical Laboratory Scientist will focus on Data reporting and will be responsible for: evaluation scientific publications & clinical studies and integrating functional effects of genomic variants and their associated diseases. The CLS will be responsible for: updating database with finding, maintaining and updating work flows and protocols, and working with informatics and soft wear team on creating and optimizing work flows.  The Clinical Laboratory Scientist will have the opportunity to live in the San Francisco Bay Area one the nation’s most iconic cities. The region is home to a thriving economy, a booming housing market, numerous public and private universities, beautiful mountains and beaches and endless outdoor activities.  The Oncology Research Laboratory is prepared to offer a healthy work life balance, generous salary, comprehensive benefit package, stock options and a lucrative sign on bonus.
Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: Manager, Product Data Science At PayPal, we continue to push the boundary of what technology can do to make a difference in the world we live in. We believe that now is the time to reimagine money, to democratize financial services so that managing and moving money is a right for all citizens, not just the affluent. For that, we are seeking exceptional world-class problem solvers with a passion for data insights and relentless focus on execution. Job Description: About You: You are curious and inquisitive: love digging into data and uncovering insights You are hyper-analytical and intellectually honest, truly believing in data-driven decisions and communicating your ideas through storytelling You are familiar with data science and machine learning techniques to improve product experiences You are a highly motivated, result-oriented self-starter, enjoy working in a fast-pace environment, and can deliver successful results with minimal guidance You are a fun-loving, adventurous team player Role – As a member of the product analytics team, you will: Become a domain expert in your product areas and conduct rigorous data analysis to help improve customer experiences and identify profitable growth opportunities Work cross-functionally with product, engineering, design, and marketing teams to build world-class products and design hypothesis-driven experiments; make clear, coherent and holistic recommendations based on test results Improve product experiences for 200+ million customers using data science techniques Leverage the Objective & Key Results (OKR) framework to identify product metrics and monitor product performance through dashboards and ad hoc analysis Present findings and recommendations to senior-level/non-technical stakeholders Requirements: Data driven mindset with degree in a quantitative discipline such as Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, or Economics 6+ years of relevant work experience in analyzing large, multi-dimensional data sets and synthesizing data insights into actionable recommendations Fluent in SQL and Excel; experience with a statistical programming language (e.g., R, Python) Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau or Qlikview, and web analytics tools (e.g., Adobe Omniture, Google Analytics) preferred Exceptional written and verbal communication skills to influence cross-functional teams Prior work experience in digital (website/marketing/product) analytics, management consulting, investment banking, and/or consumer financial products is highly valued Experience/knowledge of employing statistical, data mining and machine learning algorithms (e.g. regression and clustering) on real world problems is a plus We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
Job Description Visas accepted- H1B, H4-EAD, GC, GC-EAD, US Citizens, OPTMust have :TensorFlow 2.0 and above, TF sequential and Functional model,TF activations functions : Must have hands on knowledge of RELU, Softmax, Tanh, SigmoidTF keras losses : Must have hands on MeanAbsxx, MeanSqxx and CrossEntropyKeras, Keras functional APIPython - deep hands on knowledge of pandas and scikitSQL , Stored procedures, ViewsLinux : Reasonable working knowledge required, including basic shell scripting.Nice to have : SQL Alchemy, CX_Oracle or similar direct to pandas integration with SQL. Tableau , LookerJob Types: Full-time, ContractSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Preferred)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
What We're Looking For:  The Analyst, Portfolio Analytics conducts analysis on important business questions to enable decision making and ultimately help improve performance and operations. The analyst will work closely with other 2U teams including Data Science, Student Engagement, and the Program team to analyze trends related to recruiting, retention, and other areas that impact Student Engagement.  This analysis includes vertical level analysis, portfolio level trends in admissions or student success, analysis of survey data, and analysis of the effectiveness of pilots & new initiatives. The analyst will also present their findings, and build stakeholder support for any changes needed to positively impact operations.  Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To:  Provide analytical support to Student Engagement and Executives by identifying relevant trends, and root causes of those trends, that impact portfolio performance or business operations. (35%)  Use reporting tools (SQL, Tableau), and statistical methods to answer business questions and provide reusable and sustainable reporting. (30%)  Conduct training to ensure successful adoption of data products and relevant KPI's among directors and executives. (15%)  Work closely with other Senior Analyst & Manager to identify and fix data gaps, improve data practices, and detail best practices for analysis. (20%)  Things That Should Be In Your Background:  1-3 years of relevant analytical, operational and change management work required. Bachelor's degree is required, with a concentration in mathematical, analytical, or business field preferred (i.e.: Economics, Math, Computer Science, Political Science). Great communication and interpersonal skills. Intermediate Tableau and intermediate SQL Strong understanding of marketing/sales concepts Customer centric mindset Proven experience creating data products used by executives Strategic thinker with strong attention to detail. Presentation skills strongly preferred. The ability to communicate difficult/sensitive information in a tactful manner.  About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)  2U is comprised of 3 lines of business: Graduate Degree Programs, Short Course, and Boot Camps. Going beyond traditional learning management systems, we use tech, people, and data to help top universities and enterprise organizations transform in the digital eraâ€”and eliminate the back row in higher ed. We support lifelong learning which means thinking beyond a single degree. It means finding ways for students to gain the skills they need to change careers, evolve their expertise, and meet the challenges of the changing world head-on. We help our partners fill those needsâ€”developing new digital education technologies and offerings capable of supporting students at different points in their lives. Whether they need a simple refresher, to learn something new, or to change their career trajectories completely, our partners are there to help them succeed. Together with our partners, 2U has positively transformed the lives of more than 275,000 students and lifelong learners.  2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement  At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.  Benefits & Culture  Working at 2U means working with individuals that are passionate and mission driven. We collaborate on tough problems to deliver the best outcomes for our partners, students, and each other. You will find team members working together in our open office spaces, gathered in the kitchen grabbing a snack, or taking a break in our game rooms.  2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:  Medical, dental, and vision coverage Life insurance, short-term and long-term disability and 401(k) with company match Generous paid leave policies including unlimited PTO Additional time off benefits include: volunteer days, parental leave, and a company-wide winter break from Christmas through New Years!  In Colorado, the anticipated base salary for this role is ($65,000), with potential bonus eligibility. Note: The final compensation for this position may consider factors including the geographic location where the work is performed (candidate's assigned office) and prior work experience of the candidate.  To learn more, visit 2U.com. #NoBackRow  Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.  2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans' status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U's equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits and pay.
An Employer is looking for 2 REMOTE Senior Data Scientists to join a large team mostly based in MN. This individual will be part of the Decision Intelligence team for a healthcare organization. This individual will be working with technical teams to create a roadmap for what capabilities should be delivered to clients. Examples of different analytics reports/models that will be carried out include: The propensity of members to engage with providers, the data will be in relation to Medicare members and providers. The client is looking for candidates who can leading the process of creating and delivering the requirements. From an analytics standpoint, the individual will be responsible for Analytical data model development, Quality check of output from other developers, Data exploration/research, Documentation of logic and results, strong experience developing AI/ML models, presentation of logic and results to team and stakeholders.This role is FULLY Remote and will be a 6 month contract to hire! Lining up interviews this week and all candidates can start within a 2 weeks notice.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $70.00 - $73.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Data science: 2 years (Preferred)Machine learning: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence by tapping into the power of data analytics, robotics, and cognitive technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems. By joining our team, you will play a key role in helping to our clients uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data and transforming the Government and Public Services marketplace. Work you'll do The Data Analyst will join a team responsible for developing advanced analytics products; applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data to advance and enable the key mission outcomes. In this role, they will support all phases of analytic work product development, from the identification of key business questions, through data collection and ETL, from performing analyses and using a wide range of statistical, machine learning, and applied mathematical techniques to delivery insights to decision-makers. This role requires special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decision-makers that consume insights The team Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise. The GPS Analytics and Cognitive (A&C) offering is responsible for developing advanced analytics products and applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data in order to advance and enable the key mission outcomes for our clients. Our team supports all phases of analytic work product development, from the identification of key business questions through data collection and ETL, and from performing analyses and using a wide range of statistical, machine learning, and applied mathematical techniques to delivery insights to decision-makers. Our practitioners give special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decision-makers that consume insights. Qualifications Required:  Bachelor's degree in STEM field Experience with programming languages such as Python, R, SPSS, SAS, SQL Experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau, Qlik, PowerBI, or equivalent Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future Must be able to obtain and maintain the required clearance for this role Preferred: Prior professional services or federal consulting experience E xperience with ETL, NoSQL Apache Hadoop, and cloud computing technology, especially Microsoft Azure How you'll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITYThe data engineer will make data accessible and usable for data scientists, analytics teams and decision makers to support down-stream scientific analysis and reporting. Scope includes:Hands-on technical design, coding / implementation, and operational support for every step of a data processWorking alongside data scientists, analysts, IT experts and stakeholders to define requirements and deliver solutions including but not limited to; build / scale data pipelines, data algorithms and production systems and solutions (using commercial packages and custom development)Management of data flow from source through database to data presentation and/or deliveryThe data engineer will support fast paced ad-hoc data analysis, individual projects and longer-term enterprise-wide solutions.KEY RESPONSIBILITIESAnalysis of business and analysis requirementsHands-on data engineering and technical implementation activities including and not limited to:Technical design, coding, transformation and operational support for every step of a data processAssemble large, complex data sets to support business needsBuilding of data models, data flow diagrams and ontologiesPrepare data for predictive and prescriptive modellingOversight of data processing platforms and tools (e.g. database, data transformation, and integration technologies) and front-end data visualization software (e.g. Spotfire)Optimization of processing performance and data modelsProduction orchestration (pipelines/algorithms, performance, scale, infrastructure, data flow)Data governance and data security best practicesOther duties as assigned by management in support of rapidly growing companyQUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCERequiredBSc or MSc degree in a relevant field, such as computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, computational biology, data management, data science, information systems, bioinformatics etc.Unix, Linux, MAC command line expertiseKnowledge of relational database schema, primary/foreign keys, database queriesDemonstrated hands-on experience creating functional requirements, process maps, test plans and associated documentationDesirablePrior experience in biotechnology and / or pharmaceuticals industrySKILLS & COMPENTENCIESRequiredStrong and demonstrated data engineering experience using computational programming languages (i.e. R, Python, Java, C++), pipeline lifecycle tools, and popular database programming languages (ie. SQL, PL/SQL), operational data stores and data lakesStrong ability to design, build and manage data pipelines for data structures encompassing data transformation, data integration, data models, schemas and meta-dataExperience with integration of data from multiple data sources to support down-stream scientific analysisDesirableAn understanding of the principles of oncology / immuno-oncologyOutstanding communication, collaboration and partnering skillsDemonstrated ability to work across multiple deployment environments including cloud, on-premises and hybrid, multiple operating systems and through tools such as Docker, AWS, etExperience in working with large, heterogeneous datasets in building and optimizing data pipelines.Adept in agile methodologies and DataOps principles for data pipelinesOTHER REQUIREMENTSTravel to Adaptimmune sites and vendor locations, as neededAt Adaptimmune we embrace diversity and equality of opportunity. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. We welcome applications to join our team from all qualified candidates, regardless of age, colour, disability, marital status, national origin, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or other legally protected category. It is our intent that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment.bHs8uGZKwlJob Type: Full-time
Summary Posted: Jul 21, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200241532 The AI/ML Information Intelligence team is creating groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence, machine learning and natural language processing! The features we create are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Our universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages and Lookup. As part of this group, you will be doing large scale machine learning and deep learning to improve Query Understanding and Ranking of search and developing fundamental building blocks needed for Artificial Intelligence. This involves developing sophisticated machine learning models, using word embeddings and deep learning to understand the quality of matches, online learning to react quickly to change, natural language processing to understand queries, taking advantage of petabytes of data and signals from millions of users and combining information from multiple sources to provide the user with results that best satisfies their intent and information seeking needs. Key Qualifications Experience in machine learning, deep learning, information retrieval, natural language processing or data mining Proficiency in one of following languages: Python, Go, Java, C++ Excellent knowledge and good practical skills in major machine learning algorithms Excellent data analytical skills Experience with large scale search and machine learning systems is highly desired Experience with Hadoop, Hive, and/or Impala is a plus Good interpersonal skills Good team player Description As a member of our fast-paced group, you’ll have the unique and rewarding opportunity to shape upcoming products from Apple. We are looking for people with excellent applied machine learning experience and solid engineering skills in creating outstanding search service. This role will have the following responsibilities: - Analyzing search ranking and relevance requirements, issues and opportunities - Understanding product requirements, translate them into modeling tasks and engineering tasks - Building machine learned models for search relevance, ranking and query understanding problems - Integrating search functions into Apple products, such as Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages, Lookup, etc. - Building end-to-end production system including query understanding and ranking to power search - Utilizing Spark, Hadoop MapReduce, Hive, Impala to perform distributed data processing Education & Experience MS or Ph.D in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Science or related field
At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That's why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you'll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession. Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a “Great Place to Work” by Great Place to Work® US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT” on IDG's Insider Pro and Computerworld's 2020 list. For many years running, we have been named by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers for Women and one of America's Best Employers for New Graduates—as well as one of America's Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran's status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Job Summary: GRM Actuarial – US Non-Price Predictive Modeling is seeking a highly motivated Data Scientist who is eager to make an impact on the complex and evolving insurance industry. The Predictive Modeling team is responsible for applying sophisticated predictive modeling and analytical analysis to a broad range of business problems; communicating the results of their work to stakeholders; and providing guidance and peer oversight to other modeling groups. You will leverage primary data, advanced quantitative modeling and financial analysis to develop predictive models and analytical tools that enable data-driven strategic decision-making. This role requires broad knowledge of predictive analytics techniques and advanced application of those techniques to a variety of business issues. You will provide highly technical analytical assessments of business issues to a mixture of technical and non-technical audiences. Responsibilities: Collaborate with other business partners to develop appropriate statistical approaches and tools that will drive strategic decision making related to reserving, trends, and other challenging problems central to our business. Research, recommend, and implement new and/or alternative statistical and other mathematical methodologies appropriate for the given model or analysis. Contribute to complex, technical, and creative predictive analytics projects. Understand the competitive marketplace, business issues, and data challenges to deliver actionable insights, recommendations, and business processes. Present findings, share insights, and make recommendations that impact profitability, growth and/or customer satisfaction. Effectively communicate results in written, oral and presentation formats. Potential for 10% travel. The actual internal level/grade for this role will depend on the candidate's overall experience and skill level (15-16). Qualifications: Bachelors and 3+ years of relevant experience. Master's Degree in Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or any other quantitative field plus 1-2 years of applied business/non-academic experience preferred OR Ph.D. OR ACAS plus 1-2 years of relevant experience. Advanced analytical/problem solving and research skills. Proficient in predictive analytics including real-world experience in model development, validation, and testing. Proficient with at least one language for data analysis and predictive modeling, such as R, Python, SAS, or SQL. Experience with large analysis datasets and Enterprise-scale database systems. Experience with statistical techniques including, but not limited to, generalized linear models, survival models, random forests, clustering, and Bayesian approaches to data analysis. Strong verbal and written communication skills, interpersonal skills, and ability to clearly and effectively communicate technical results to a non-technical business audience. Basic understanding of insurance principles, underwriting and ratemaking concepts and the various functions of an insurance organization, including Finance, Underwriting, Sales and Claims preferred. Ability to perform work both independently and collaboratively.  16
Perception is at the center of our research, as it informs our work in displays, optics, rendering, and practically everything else. As a Postdoctoral Research Scientist in the Applied Perception Science team at Facebook Reality Labs, you’ll be tackling the scientific challenges that define cutting-edge augmented & virtual reality, addressing heretofore-unanswered questions in vision science, displays, and perceptual psychology. This involves both applied and basic science, as they inform our research directions and identify opportunities for revolutionary experiences. We’re committed to a whole-system, multidisciplinary approach to perceptual research, and both collaborate with academic institutions and have opportunities to publish in peer-reviewed journals. Projects take advantage of internal resources in mechanical, electrical, optical, and software engineering, allowing us to confront scientific questions which cannot be addressed with existing equipment. The position is a fixed-term (postdoctoral) contract for 24 months and requires a PhD in Vision Science, Perceptual Psychology, Neuroscience Bioengineering, or related field. Research into perception and human factors, both in terms of basic science and how it informs other research and product directions Collaborate with both internal teams and academia in research to explore perceptual factors, define limits and specifications, and discover opportunities for revolutionary improvement in augmented and virtual reality displays and systems Explore opportunities and requirements to create new virtual experiences and perform research necessary to deliver them Collaborate with other researchers, interns, and engineers to identify and develop experimental systems which allow us to answer novel research questions, involving factors both in isolation and as part of an ecologically valid complete system Currently has or is in the process of obtaining a Ph.D. degree or completing a postdoctoral assignment in the field of Vision Science, Perceptual Psychology, Bioengineering, Neuroscience , or related field Knowledge of the human visual system and experience applying this model to novel situations and predict how the eye, brain, and body will respond Knowledge in key areas such as stereopsis, binocular rivalry, color and luminance sensitivity, image quality metrics, signal/image processing, vergence/accommodation, ophthalmic optics, eye movements, and physical/neurological perceptual factors 1+ years of experience with experimental methodology, psychophysics, and/or related statistical analysis Interpersonal experience: cross-group and cross-culture collaboration Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment Experience with MATLAB, R, Python, and/or C++ Experience with user studies (psychophysics) and human factors Experience with the design of optical and/or stereoscopic display systems Experience with the design of eye tracking experiments and analysis of data derived from eye tracking systems Experience with the modeling and analysis of 3D geometrical data using standard algebraic and/or quaternion-based methods Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
Company Overview KLA is a global leader in diversified electronics for the semiconductor manufacturing ecosystem. Virtually every electronic device in the world is produced using our technologies. No laptop, smartphone, wearable device, voice-controlled gadget, flexible screen, VR device or smart car would have made it into your hands without us. KLA invents systems and solutions for the manufacturing of wafers and reticles, integrated circuits, packaging, printed circuit boards and flat panel displays. The innovative ideas and devices that are advancing humanity all begin with inspiration, research and development. KLA focuses more than average on innovation and in 2019 we invested 15% of sales back into R&D. Our expert teams of physicists, engineers, data scientists and problem-solvers work together with the world’s leading technology providers to accelerate the delivery of tomorrow’s electronic devices. Life here is exciting and our teams thrive on tackling really hard problems. There is never a dull moment with us. Group/Division KLA has manufacturing sites across the globe, including Belgium, China, Germany, Israel, Singapore and Milpitas (CA). The Global Operations (GOPS) team, comprised of Manufacturing, Supply Chain Management, Manufacturing Engineering, Installation, and Quality, is responsible for manufacturing our leading-edge technology. We partner with our world-wide supply base and our design engineering teams to bring new products to market. The GOPS team is continuously working to build our products Better, Faster, Cheaper. Performs statistical modeling and analysis of structured and unstructured datasets to develop metrics, reports and visualizations of trends and patterns. Works with technology organization and business end-users to understand data and analysis needs and develop technical requirements. Partners with development and data management roles to identify and capture data required from internal and external sources. Creates and maintains statistical models for ongoing and ad hoc review and analysis of data. Uses data visualization programs, tools and techniques to generate dashboards, reports and presentations that aid in data storytelling, understanding and interpretation of trends and patterns of business importance. Will use machine learning and artificial intelligence to develop decision support tools Minimum Qualifications BS Computer Science or related. 2+ year of experience We offer a competitive, family friendly total rewards package. We design our programs to reflect our commitment to an inclusive environment, while ensuring we provide benefits that meet the diverse needs of our employees. KLA is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by applicable law. We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us at talent.acquisition@kla.com to request accommodation.
Job Description: Firm Overview: Blackstone is one of the world’s leading investment firms. We seek to create positive economic impact and long-term value for our investors, the companies we invest in, and the communities in which we work. We do this by using extraordinary people and flexible capital to help companies solve problems. Our asset management businesses, with over $500 billion in assets under management, include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, public debt and equity, non-investment grade credit, real assets and secondary funds, all on a global basis. Further information is available at www.blackstone.com. Follow Blackstone on Twitter @Blackstone. Team: Blackstone Data Science Team Description: Blackstone Data Science (“BXDS”) is the firm-wide team that uses advanced analytics and statistical methods to make us better investors and business operators. Integrated into our investing groups, we focus on data-driven questions that matter to business and can be solved through the application of data analysis, statistics, computer programming, and machine learning. We develop insights through alternative datasets and analytical methods to help fill in gaps in our understanding of specific assets and markets, as well as help source new investment and partnership opportunities. BXDS is part of the firm’s Portfolio Operations Group. We work hand-in-hand with Blackstone's deal teams and portfolio company management teams to drive operating efficiencies and identify new sources of value. BXDS is a team of data scientists, engineers, and strategists that analyzes complex datasets, develops predictive and analytical models, builds production-quality data flows, and advises on smarter data utilization. We sit at the intersection of quantitative and investment analysis, and focus only on projects that “move the needle.” You will have the opportunity to work directly with senior management at Blackstone as well as with top executives from our portfolio companies. If you enjoy fast-paced, stimulating quantitative work with tangible business impact, BXDS may be a good fit for you. Job Title: BXDS Engineering - Analyst Job Description: Blackstone is looking to hire a passionate data science engineering analyst to be an integral member of BXDS. You will be focused on designing and building data science models and tools to identify and evaluate new investment and operating opportunities. You will work across and be highly integrated into both our Private Equity and Real Estate data science teams. You will play a key role in accelerating an evolution within Blackstone and its portfolio companies by applying data science techniques and integrating novel sources of information. From a technical perspective, you will be responsible for designing and implementing scalable technical solutions to drive differentiated investment and operating insights. Intellectually, the successful candidate will be excited by implementing software engineering best practices to convert ad hoc analysis to production quality code to increase the scale and reach of data science across the firm. This is a hybrid role that combines analytics, product, and engineering. The ideal candidate is a skilled computer programmer and data practitioner who has experience designing and building production-quality systems. Mastery of Python, SQL, and software engineering best practices are musts. Knowledge of devOps technology like AWS, Containers, Kubernetes and common CI/CD processes are a plus. Qualifications include: Undergraduate degree from a top-tier university required in a technical discipline (e.g. computer science, data science, applied math, operations research, or engineering) 1-3 years of relevant experience in a professional setting as a software engineer, machine learning engineer, data engineer or data scientist Expert proficiency in programming and querying languages including Python and SQL, strongly typed and/or functional languages a plus. Foundation in statistics and mathematics Comfortable working with, and combining, disparate and diverse data sources A strong intuition for analytical methodologies and desire to solve novel technical challenges Excellence in balancing multiple projects and efficiently meeting goals in a fast-paced environment Ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences effectively both orally and in writing. Self-starter who can work independently and meet deadlines with minimal oversight Ability to work independently as well as on a team No previous experience in the financial services industry is required All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, national origin or any other category protected by law. If you need a reasonable accommodation to complete your application, please contact Human Resources at 212-583-5000 (US), +44 (0)20 7451 4000 (EMEA) or +852 3656 8600 (APAC). The Blackstone Group and its affiliates provide equal employment opportunity to all qualified employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, marital or partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, genetic predisposition, veteran or military status, status as a victim of domestic violence, a sex offense or stalking, or any other classification prohibited by applicable law. To submit your application please complete the form below. Fields marked with a red asterisk * are required in order to enter into a possible employment contract (although some can be answered " prefer not to say "). Failure to provide this information may compromise the follow-up of your application.
Are You Ready to Live Protiviti? The Protiviti Career provides opportunity to learn, inspire, and advance within a collaborative and diverse culture. We hire curious individuals for whom learning is a passion. Together, we focus on our mission of delivering confidence in a dynamic world – and the world has perhaps never been more dynamic. At every level, we champion leaders who live our values of integrity, inclusion, and innovation. Imagining our work as a journey, we believe integrity guides our way, inclusion moves us forward together, and innovation creates new destinations. Living our values every day. That's Living Protiviti. Are you inspired to make a difference? You’ve come to the right place. POSITION HIGHLIGHTS Technology Consulting Consultants work with Protiviti’s clients, who are typically among the world’s leading companies. As a consultant, you collaborate with the team to deliver client solutions for complex business problems that these organizations face. Experience tells us that our future leaders need to be both knowledgeable and deep in an area of expertise, but versatile having a broad range of capabilities and skill sets to solve today’s complex business problems. That’s why we focus on developing consultants across our business, so you gain experience in different industries, grow your technical capabilities, and gain leadership qualities that will ensure your future success. Our culture is grounded in empowerment, teamwork, and problem-solving. At all career levels, we encourage innovation, seeking your ideas and insights. Our people care about one another, they coach and guide, and they help each member of our team be their very best. When you join our team, you will participate in Passport to Protiviti, our award-winning onboarding program. You will also attend The Consultant Challenge, an experiential learning course that will help you transition successfully into your role as a consultant. As a consultant, you will be a part of the Foundations experience, an innovative approach to equip our consultants with the knowledge, skills, technical aptitude and coaching to become our firms’ future leaders. This Foundations experience will enable you to learn from a diverse set of experiences, while guiding your skill development; ultimately preparing you for the next step in your career journey. Technology Consulting Consultants will experience a variety of projects. Each project experience is designed to fuel your curiosity, uncover hidden strengths, and most importantly, prepare you for the next career level. Consultants learn from the best management team in an effort to develop an understanding of business processes and build technical skills in general risk areas. Consultants compile and analyze data and document findings through client engagements. Through interaction with client and project team personnel, consultants develop professional relationships that contribute to exceptional client service. A successful consultant learns effective time and task management, takes ownership of assignments, and accepts responsibility for team results. With each project, you receive hands-on training in a nurturing environment and interact with leaders across our practice. Talent Managers will partner with you in lining up specific project experiences that support your career goals, your skills, and the needs of the business. A network of coaches will help you navigate challenges and celebrate milestones. There will be many opportunities to join committees, participate in employee network groups, enjoy social, civic, and networking activities, to aid in building meaningful relationships across the firm and in the community. Technology Consulting Consultants are hired into one of the six specific solution segments, including: Enterprise Application Solutions: Supports organizations in transforming and optimizing their processes by delivering tailored technology application solutions to meet their needs. The Enterprise Application Solutions team provides a wholistic range of services within this space whether it be assisting organizations in understanding key business processes that will be impacted by their strategy, advising on application selection, providing implementation services, or ensuring security and compliance throughout solution delivery. This team has the expertise to support clients from end to end on their transformation journey. Enterprise Data & Analytics: Works on the process of harnessing data (internal and external to the organization) to generate valuable insights that can drive the operations and strategy of an organization. There are various disciplines involved in Enterprise Data & Analytics, including: data source identification and analysis, data engineering, data visualization & data science/machine learning. The disciplines range from gathering and preparing the data for consumption, to consuming this data to diagnose issues, predict future outcomes and provide prescriptive solutions to challenges in the organization. Emerging Technologies Group: The Emerging Technologies group covers a wide range of work including Internet of Things (IoT) penetration testing, cloud support, intelligent automation, artificial intelligence/machine learning and quantum computing. This team specialize in conducting a variety of penetration testing approaches such as: hardware, web/mobile application, bluetooth, and other RF technologies. The devices this segment have historically tested have been primarily medical devices/telecom/consumer product related; however, the rapid growth of IoT devices presents an opportunity to test several types of devices as they emerge. Security and Privacy: Helps organizations prevent theft or help protect sensitive data and assets. The Security and Privacy team builds partnerships by conducting risk assessments and technical testing, identifying security weaknesses in client systems, and providing strategic recommendations to deal with vulnerabilities and enhance overall cyber security posture. They help organizations prepare for and detect cyber-attacks or other crisis events; and take necessary corrective steps in real life situations. Software Services: Works in both advisory and development capacities for clients looking to build new solutions or improve their technology strategy. This team offer services in a variety of business solutions including custom developed business solutions, enterprise content management platforms, customer relationship management platforms, and risk technology platforms. The Protiviti Software Services segment are known as the “people on the ground” – our consultants are product managers, web developers, graphic artists, and programmers with a passion for technology and innovation. Technology Strategy and Operations: Helps clients understand and improve how they use technology and how technology can enable them to meet their big picture strategies. The Technology Strategy and Operations team works closely with all of the other technology related practices at Protiviti because we help their leadership plan and strategize. For example, our Technology Governance and Risk Management sub-segment team works with the leaders in Audit and Compliance to build or mature their programs, helping them understand their highest risks and then figure out how they will use their teams to manage them. Our Transform Program Execution sub-segment team works with the Enterprise Application Solutions leaders when they are implementing a new tool and need assistance with project management for that implementation. Meaningful onboarding. Impactful training. Foundational learning. These experiences define the Protiviti Career – a career that enables you to thrive in work and life. QUALIFICATIONS Degree: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a relevant discipline (e.g., Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, Information Technology, Internet of Things, Quantum, Applied Math, Data Sciences, Decision Science, Machine Learning, or other technology majors) Visa Status: All applicants applying for U.S. job openings need authorization to work in the United States for Protiviti without sponsorship now or in the future Technical Skills Desired: Advanced verbal and written communication skills. Ability to apply critical thinking skills and innovation to client engagements across various industries Specific skills below, prepare you better for specific Technology Consulting segments: Demonstrated ability and desire to research and analyze pertinent client, industry, and technical matters Basic experience with any of the major Business Intelligence reporting tools, such as Power BI, BusinessObjects, Hyperion, Cognos, Microstrategy, Tableau, QlikView, or SSRS Entry-level experience with domain management strategies, network segmentation, firewalls and middleware tools Introductory knowledge of internal control frameworks or knowledge of IT controls, with particular experience to understand IT and Business risks related to SAP Basic experience working within a Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle, TeraData, or other major database management systems. Familiarity of technology project risks and strategies for managing and mitigating Programming skills such as Python, Java, JavaScript, etc. are preferred Basic Knowledge of security-related topics such as authentication, entitlements, identity management, data protection, data leakage prevention, validation checking, encryption, hashing, principle of least privilege, software attack methods, and data storage Fundamental knowledge of process reengineering and methodologies, including flowcharting and technical design documentation Ability to convey complex technical security concepts to technical and non-technical audiences WHAT MAKES YOU SUCCESSFUL Strong academic background Working in teams, as well as independently Being creative and analytical Passionate about evaluating, synthesizing, organizing, and interpreting data and information Possessing excellent leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills Ability to self-motivate and take responsibility for personal growth and development Desiring to learn and a receptiveness to feedback and mentoring Displaying an interest in technology, or business operations Drive towards obtaining professional technical certifications ARE YOU ON BOARD WITH TRAVEL? Since we work with clients, typically at their sites, this position requires travel to client sites. Out-of-town travel may also be required. Consultants need reliable transportation to and from local client sites. Safety is our top priority; we will continue to evaluate the risk associated with travel and work with our employees to manage expectations when necessary. Note: Students may apply for only one location or solution. Duplicate applications will not be accepted.
At GoodRx, we believe that all Americans should have access to convenient and affordable healthcare. As a nation, we spend about $3.5 trillion annually on our healthcare, but too many Americans struggle to get the care they need, and prices just keep rising. Our marketplaces for prescription medicines and telehealth have helped Americans save $30 billion since 2011. GoodRx is a public company; we're based in Santa Monica with additional offices around the country. We're a low-key and tight-knit group that likes to find new ways to fix big problems. If you share our belief that you can do well by doing good, let's talk. We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company and industry. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of the best and brightest from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunities to excel. With that said, research shows that women and other underrepresented groups apply only if they meet 100% of the criteria. GoodRx is committed to leveling the playing field, and we encourage women, people of color, and those in the LGBTQ+ communities to apply for positions even if they don’t necessarily check every box outlined in the job description. Please still get in touch – we’d love to connect and see if you could be good for the role! About the Role GoodRx is on a mission to become a brand that all Americans know and love, and one that people associate with getting healthier. As we expand our brand marketing efforts and strategy, we are looking for a talented analyst to help drive that expansion. The Marketing / Data Analyst will build reporting and identify opportunities within various marketing channels, which may include search, TV, streaming video, CRM, or other consumer marketing. In this role, you will partner closely with our marketing team and external partners to coordinate measurement plans, offer strategic insight, and provide timely results reporting. Your work will have immediate impact given the importance of marketing-driven acquisition and retention in our overall business strategy. We are looking for someone with a combination of technical skills and strategic thinking who can transform complex analyses into actionable insights. An ideal candidate will be a self-motivated, independent problem solver who is excited to dive into the details, ask questions, make recommendations, and drive results. Responsibilities Provide performance reporting for marketing channels based on internal and external measurement tools Maintain and improve upon existing measurement models Develop automated dashboards and reports to monitor business trends, identify optimization opportunities, and maintain a pulse on overall KPI health Optimize marketing execution by identifying and sizing areas of opportunity through performance analysis Design tests and build new measurement methodologies for new marketing campaigns and initiatives Provide analytical input for planning and budgeting purposes Skills & Qualifications: Experience in an analytical role Strong quantitative skillsResourcefulness in “getting the data” from various internal and external sources High Excel and PowerPoint proficiency SQL proficiency Exceptional written and oral communication skills Aptitude for interpreting data to find insights to drive recommendations Ability to influence cross-functional partners by leveraging data and insights Nice to Have: Prior experience in marketing analytics (measurement and optimization) Data science/statistics background - specifically the ability to perform advanced analytics (e.g. driver analyses, econometric modeling, test design, etc.) GoodRx is America's healthcare marketplace. The company offers the most comprehensive and accurate resource for affordable prescription medications in the U.S., gathering pricing information from thousands of pharmacies coast to coast, as well as a telehealth marketplace for online doctor visits and lab tests. Since 2011, Americans with and without health insurance have saved $30 billion using GoodRx and 20 million consumers visit goodrx.com each month to find discounts and information related to their healthcare. GoodRx is the #1 most downloaded medical app on the iOS and Android app stores. For more information, visit www.goodrx.com.
Equivalent Experience  TEKsystems is searching for a Data Scientist for a remote position that will be a multi-year contract. Our client is needing a Data Scientist to help with technical coordination and guidance regarding the transposition, modifications and analysis of communicable data. We need a candidate with extensive skills in data manipulation (using SAS, R, SQL, or other related software) and analysis. Data Migration and Management:Assist Informatics Supervisor during the data migration process.Perform data manipulation and transformation protocols.Ensure data migrated from historical registries is accurately transposed and mapped.Provide other data migration and management services in support of approved projects. Data Reporting and Visualization:Assist Informatics Supervisor in the development of reports and documentation related to communicable diseases.Use data visualization and analytical techniques to relay information.Provide other data reporting and visualization services in support of approved projects. Provide Technical Expertise and Assistance:Assist Informatics Supervisor in modeling related information to inform thought-leaders.Assist Informatics Supervisor in the publication of any notable findings.Provide other technical expertise and assistance in support of approved projects. Pay will be based on experience and a drug and background check is required. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
Job Responsibilities: Data science is in GAINS DNA. Our founder was an industrial engineering professor, and we remain a company of data-driven analysts and engineers. Although your daily tasks will vary, you will have the following responsibilities: Lead research and data science projects that convert models into operational value Work with our professional services team to identify viable, valuable data-driven projects Deliver fully functional, tested product prototypes Collaborate with product managers and engineers to define the product and technical roadmaps Contribute to extending our machine learning infrastructure You will have the opportunity, though not necessarily the responsibility, to independently identify research projects Candidate Requirements: Intellectual curiosity to explore questions answerable with data. Passion for experimentation. Commitment to delivering data-driven results. Strong statistical, computational, and mathematical foundations. Excellent communication (verbal and written) skills, and ability to collaborate with teammates with heterogeneous technical/quantitative backgrounds. Bachelor’s and graduate degrees in a quantitative field. Academic or industrial experience with data science and/or machine learning. Demonstrated experience with data-driven research. Fluent in SQL, and Python or R. NLP, reinforcement learning, and/or GAN experienced desired. Java and graph DB familiarity preferred, but not required. At GAINS, we recognize that diversity and inclusion make our teams stronger. We are committed to equal employment opportunity and welcome everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, domestic partner status, veteran status or medical condition. We encourage people from all backgrounds to apply. JekdNnl5vi
HI, Kindly let me know if you have a suitable fit for the following position Thanks REMOTE Data Scientist 6MONTHS Contract to hire Please send the resume to charan@ivytechsol.us or 847- 350-1008 Only W2 or 1099 We are looking for an entry-level Data Scientist for our Practice who will work with clients for problem definition, data exploration and solution identification and design for critical business problems of our customers. The ideal candidate must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of customers from various industries. must have : AWS, Python ,machine learning Required Qualifications: Comfortable with developing end-to-end advanced analytics projects using statistical analysis and/or machine learningExpert with programming for data analysis using Python.Knowledge of Cloud technologies such as AWS SageMaker.Knowledge of any relational database such as SQL/My SQL.Ability to integrate data from disparate sources into an efficient and intuitive rational database structure. Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science, data science, statistics, mathematics, business administration and/or related field or the foreign equivalent or relevant work experience. Other Qualifications:Excellent analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills, with proven ability to quickly understand a problem, determine the significance of the issue and identify a solution.Focus on delivering results, and work ethic based on a strong desire to exceed expectations.Demonstrated understanding of product database structure and design principles.Strong interpersonal skills, including written and oral communication skills.Ability to work within a team environment, networking and collaborating cross-functionally.Ability to remain flexible in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment.Commitment to continuous improvement, and demonstrated the ability to innovate. Warm Regards, Charan Kumar | IVY Tech Sols Inc. 3403 N Kennecott Avenue, Suite B&C Arlington Heights, IL 60004 PH.( Direct: (847) 350-1008  charan@ivytechsol.us|Gtalk : charan.ivytech|  8TrA97VmtN
TITLE Analyst, Integrated Analytics - Foodservice LOCATION Orrville, OH (Close proximity to Cleveland/Akron) Flexible remote work arrangements available REPORTS TO Director, Integrated Analytics WHY SMUCKER IS THE PLACE FOR YOU You deserve a positive and encouraging work environment. One that allows you to deliver your best work and become your best professional self. That is exactly what you will find at Smucker. Inspired by our unique culture, we are determined to support every employee holistically by meeting their physical, emotional, and financial needs through: Our Total Reward benefits program – inclusive of competitive health and financial benefits reflective of your needs at different life stages, to a continued commitment to empower flexible work schedules and remote work opportunities to help you thrive. Continuous opportunities to learn, grow and develop – beyond functional job-based education, we promote well-rounded development and encourage a spirit of continuous learning as part of our commitment to help you realize your professional goals. Our continued progress on the journey to become the organization we expect to be on inclusion, diversity, and equity. We firmly believe that an inclusive environment and diverse organization strengthens our Company and enables every employee to reach their full potential. YOUR OPPORTUNITY Our commitment to leverage strategic analysis has taken on even greater importance in today’s competitive environment. We are investing in growing our analytical capabilities and supporting the growth of those on our team. In this role, you will act as a strategic business partner, owning the sales analytics across our Sales Team and delivering insights that directly impact financial targets. Leverages Insights as a transformational catalyst to differentiate JMS’ thought leadership; informs a deep understanding of Foodservice category and customer/operator dynamics by optimizing a full suite of descriptive analytics. Understands, analyzes, interprets, and articulates relevant intelligence and data that can be commercialized to drive progress and lead to demand creation/activation. Partners with Sales Leadership to supply analytic inputs and recommendations for Joint Business Planning meetings and Quarterly Business Reviews, to effectively ‘tell the story’. Work with Sales Leadership to coordinate reporting, data analysis and data input for various customers and other JMS functions, i.e. RGM, Finance, E&S, Marketing. Obtain, upload, and maintain external data sources into various internal databases. Manage usage of third-party reporting tools, i.e. USF Cookbook, to build reports and presentations for internal and external usage. Works closely with Broker partners and Sales Leadership to create custom/standardized reporting dashboards of sales activities and scorecards. Works directly with Sales Leadership on various data projects and initiatives. Use industry trend information to identify growing segments, trends, patterns, forecasts, etc. Provide ad-hoc reporting to Foodservice Leadership and provide analytic insight/recommendations based on data. Collaborate with JMS Marketing and Sales teams to create presentations around the insights and reporting. Communicate best practices within group and work to improve sales productivity. Collaborates with Sales to optimize pricing, programming, and promotional strategy; assists in the identification of opportunities and competitive threats; builds action plans to mitigate risks; increases account plan accuracy using exception-based reporting. Demonstrates process improvement by simplifying analytics and business intelligence; streamlines and builds a more efficient analytics approach; builds capabilities to deliver on-demand customer specific reporting as well as monthly business review reporting. Continuously develops own capabilities in all Foodservice data sources, account specific data, JMS financial data, advanced Excel based statistical analysis, and visualization and presentation skills in Spotfire and PowerPoint. Perform additional duties as required. WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR Are you a driven professional with a thorough understanding of data analysis and business modeling and a desire to grow your expertise in a learning environment? Are you motivated by the opportunity to play a key role in driving business growth and organizational progress? Do you have an innate curiosity for tackling complex challenges and finding innovative solutions? Bachelor’s degree in Business Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or related field At least 1 year of experience in Business Analytics (can include internships) with a preference for experience in B2B data and/or syndicated data (IRI, Nielsen, etc.). Ability to gather, analyze and present detailed information related to all aspects of business to audiences of diverse experiences. Strong, solution-oriented thinker with project management, critical thinking, and communication skills. Passion in championing insights based on data that can support issue resolution and proactive opportunities to drive improvement. Collaborative partner with a keen focus on developing processes and procedures to improve team effectiveness. A relentless commitment to continuous learning and professional development. LEARN MORE ABOUT WORKING AT SMUCKER Our Total Rewards Benefits Program Our Continued Progress on Inclusion, Diversity and Equity Follow us on LinkedIn® #LI-123
Job Role : Machine LearningJob Type : Full TimeLocation: Seattle,WAexperience : 8Must have : python, AI , computer vision and FirebaseContract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: $92,918.00 - $244,284.00 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Doctorate (Preferred)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Preferred)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Summary Posted: Jul 22, 2021 Role Number:200269759 Apple builds world-class innovative products that integrate hardware with intelligent software experiences using machine learning, artificial intelligence, and computer vision. Machine Learning Platform and Technologies is the team that makes it possible for Apple engineers to innovate ML driven product features rapidly and at scale. The team enables future Apple intelligent products by making cutting edge ML technologies, large scale compute and data systems designed specifically for ML available to engineers within Apple. Come join the team that is making ML innovation possible here at Apple. We’re looking for applied machine learning scientist to help us build a next generation Deep Learning framework geared towards fueling on-device machine learning capabilities and emerging innovations. You’ll be part of a small team of developers and deep learning experts working in the area of device-aware neural network optimization and neural architecture search. We’re looking for candidates passionate about machine learning, computational science and hardware. Any background and experience level is acceptable. In exchange we offer respectful work environment, flexible set of responsibilities, access to world class experts and growth opportunities in one of the best companies in the world. Key Qualifications Experience with one or more deep learning framework such as Tensorflow, PyTorch or Keras. Hands-on experience with deep learning. Strong Python programming skills. Understanding of data structures, software design principles and algorithms. Experience with Python scientific libraries like numpy, scipy. Description * Perform research in emerging areas of efficient neural network development including quantization, pruning, compression and neural architecture search, as well as novel differentiable compute primitives.  * Train and evaluate DNNs for the purpose of finding architectures that perform efficiently on Apple hardware, benchmarking and improving neural network optimization algorithms.  * Work cross-functionally with researchers and software engineers in order to productize novel neural network optimization algorithms. Additional Requirements Bonus Qualifications:Experience working in one or more areas related to neural network optimization: quantization, pruning, compression, neural architecture search.Understanding of compute hardware design, CPU and GPU architectures.Solid math skills: linear algebra, computational science and optimization.Publication record in ML conferences.
Summary Posted: Jun 14, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200247337 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming excellent products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The Applications Test Engineering team is seeking a strong technical contributor to deliver scalable test automation solutions for applications used by hundreds of millions of people worldwide. We're looking well beyond conventional manual testing or developing testability hooks into software under test; the successful solution will automatically analyze software and generate tests, continuously execute test cases and identify and report key metrics. Do you have a keen interest in helping tackle software testing at scale? If so, we may be the team for you! Key Qualifications Proficiency in Objective-C, Swift, Java, or C++ Experience bringing a software project from technical spec to production Able to resolve complex failures using groundbreaking debugging techniques Excellent communication and collaboration skills Fundamental understanding of Data Science and Machine Learning Experience developing/supporting ML execution pipeline (Tensorflow, Spark, Hadoop, Splunk, etc) Familiar with application development processes (mobile/desktop app, API end points, web front end, etc) Familiar with *nix shell environment and Python, Ruby, or Bash Familiar with SDLC practices (Agile vs. Waterfall, SCM, Issue Tracking) Familiar with IDEs such as Xcode, IntelliJ Experience with DevOps, CI, CD, automation strategies, Splunk, Apache Spark, SQL, Hadoop is a plus Description We are seeking someone with a passion for delivering quality code at scale. We are a team that develops solutions that will automatically analyze software and generate test exercises & assertions, then executing those test cases and identify and report key metrics. Our team has a consistent track record of delivering innovations, and we're seeking someone who can meet that bar! You’ll be joining a highly skilled team that collaborates internally and cross organizationally, bridging disciplines needed to construct innovative solutions. Education & Experience B.S. in Computer Science or other relevant field, OR equivalent experience
The Mission:  This is a critical and exciting time at Enigma. Our product is gaining traction in the market quickly, and we are rapidly expanding our teams to keep pace (engineering, data science, go to market).  We are looking to hire Data Operations Associate who will operate our data pipeline, analyze and validate updates to the data we send our customers, and support the development and testing of new product features.  The Role:  As a member of our Data Operations team, you will be on the front lines helping us meet our company's mission of being the most reliable and accessible source of data and intelligence on small businesses. In order to deliver timely and accurate data, it's critical that we update our dataset at least twice a month. You will play a critical role in the success of Enigma by owning the operation of our data pipeline and dataset update process.  We are looking for someone who will:  Own the operation of our data pipeline from end-to-end to enable us to deliver data to our customers on time Review metrics and analytics to validate the quality of the data Bring a team-first mindset and attention to detail in addressing problems Communicate and collaborate with data scientists and engineers to solve problems Document frequent issues and pain points that arise QA data labeled by third party vendors for use in training and validating our machine learning models  What makes this job interesting?  Community Impact: Nearly 8 out of 10 small businesses are rejected for financing when they apply; with your help, our data has the potential to transform how small business access capital they need Timing: You will be joining Enigma at a time of fast growth Data-focus: You will not only get hands-on experience with data and analytics but also build a knowledge base in the ever growing Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning space Alternative Work Schedule: When the data pipeline is running, you will be expected to be on-call over the weekend and 1-2 nights per week. When the data pipeline is not running, you will have a lot of flexibility in your schedule.  Our ideal candidate will:  Have experience with data and analytics, including proficiency with tools like Microsoft Excel or Google Sheets Have a basic knowledge of reading, navigating, and deploying code Bring strong written and verbal communication skills to efficiently communicate with engineers and to improve documentation Bring enthusiasm for problem solving Be energized by working an alternative schedule (being on-call every other weekend and 1-2 weeknights every other week but having a lot of flexibility otherwise)  Bonus points if you:  Have a degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or Statistics Bring experience working with data products or with machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies Have experience or certification in project management  About Us:  At Enigma, we're building the single, most reliable source of data on businesses to power the future of financial services. By engineering better data from hundreds of public and third-party sources, we aim to tell the complete story of every business, so that companies of every size can access the financial services they need to grow and thrive. Our core values - generosity, curiosity, ingenuity, & drive - guide everything we do from how we make our most important product decisions to how we work with and support one another on a daily basis. We're a team of curious, driven individuals with diverse backgrounds and skills, but we're all passionate about engineering deeper understanding through dataâ€”together. If this resonates, we would love to hear from you!  We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
The Mobile Vision team is seeking world-class computer vision experts to join the team in developing next generation products and platforms doing research and engineering at scale. Our mission is to advance the state-of-the-art in computer vision algorithms for on-device computer vision. In this role, you will be working on efficient deep learning algorithms for computer vision and models which are leveraged by product development teams throughout the Facebook family of applications. Our work is critical to delivering new computer vision based research and applications to our 2 billion plus users. The research topics of interest include, but are not limited to, generative methods (such as GANs, photorealistic rendering), deep learning model optimization (such as pruning, quantization and neural architecture search), semantic understanding (such as object detection and pose estimation, video summarization), 3D geometry understanding (such as deep local features), and human understanding (such as human body pose estimation, action recognition). Research and develop novel computer vision algorithms in areas such as generative methods, deep learning model optimization, semantic understanding, 3D geometry understanding, human understanding, and more. Deliver computer vision research to product with collaboration across Facebook family of applications. Collaborate with other researchers and engineers across teams at Facebook to develop experiments, prototypes, and concepts that advance the state-of-the-art in AR/VR systems. Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a PhD in Computer Vision, or related field. Understanding of Machine Learning concepts such as GAN, few shot learning, domain adaptation and depth estimation. Interpersonal experience: cross-group and cross-culture collaboration. Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment. Proven track record of achieving significant results as demonstrated by grants, or fellowships, as well as first-authored publications in CVPR, NIPS, ECCV, ICCV, ICLR. Experience with Machine Learning Principles such as Deep Learning, Computer Vision, etc. are preferred. Demonstrated software engineer experience via an internship, work experience, coding competitions, or widely used contributions in open source repositories (e.g. GitHub). Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
Summary: Jet Edge is seeking an enthusiastic Aviation Research Analyst to join our team. This position will be based in Columbus, Ohio. Responsibilities:  Participate in regular market research; review and analyze market data and trends to triangulate aircraft market values and maintain aircraft values database Regularly share market insights and actively participate in market discussions within the team Build a network of industry contacts through client meetings and conference attendances with the purpose of continuous market research and to generate lease for purchase and sale of aircraft Contact aircraft owners via phone to update contact information, verify listing status, and ensure accuracy of information Conduct market research on aircraft and aircraft owners Review FAA documents on aircraft ownership changes Search third party informational sources online Make outgoing calls (30-40 daily)   Qualifications:   Teamwork and collaboration; a willingness to support the team to success. An outgoing, personable nature; confident in formulating and defending opinions both internally and externally. A drive for innovation, both from own ideas and from industry feedback. Self-starter; proactive in own learning and career development Time management; delivering to deadlines and managing workloads; ability to prioritize effectively. Trust, integrity and discretion. While complete training will be provided, certain aptitudes, skills and pre-existing knowledge are desirable:  Bachelor’s Degree in Aviation / Aeronautical Engineering / Finance / Economics / Data Science or related field or equivalent experience Aviation knowledge including aircraft, airlines, manufacturers, current major industry issues, etc. Intermediate skills using Microsoft Excel and other MS Office is required, as well as a willingness to advance skills in this area through training and experience. Knowledge of Salesforce is desirable. Solid numerical and analytical skills and the ability to learn and adapt to new methods. Proven research skills; clear and concise analysis and report writing. Familiarity working with and manipulating large datasets is ideal. Practiced and proven communication and presentation skills. A passion for planes; previous work experience within the private aviation industry in an analytical, financial or technical role is a plus but not required. Fluent in written and spoken English Candidate must be self-directed, goal orientated, energetic and organized Experience in and a passion for the aviation industry is highly desirable. Experience in a heavy phone based setting required
The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve health-related needs. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll develop algorithms, build predictive analytic models, analyze health data, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help leaders make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in the health care market. Empower change with us. You Have: Experience with data science or data analytics Knowledge of statistics Knowledge of visualization tools Ability to analyze health data Ability to present key findings to senior leaders Ability to obtain a security clearance BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: Possession of excellent oral and written skills, including communicating effectively with clients Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Build Your Career:  At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the chance to: access online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
Transitional Data Scientist  - (3160346) About Us: As a not-for-profit organization, Mass General Brigham is committed to supporting patient care, research, teaching, and service to the community by leading innovation across our system. Founded by Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, Mass General Brigham supports a complete continuum of care including community and specialty hospitals, a managed care organization, a physician network, community health centers, home care and other health-related entities. Several of our hospitals are teaching affiliates of Harvard Medical School, and our system is a national leader in biomedical research.  We’re focused on a people-first culture for our system’s patients and our professional family. That’s why we provide our employees with more ways to achieve their potential. Mass General Brigham is committed to aligning our employees’ personal aspirations with projects that match their capabilities and creating a culture that empowers our managers to become trusted mentors. We support each member of our team to own their personal development—and we recognize success at every step.  Our employees use the Mass General Brigham values to govern decisions, actions and behaviors. These values guide how we get our work done: Patients, Affordability, Accountability & Service Commitment, Decisiveness, Innovation & Thoughtful Risk; and how we treat each other: Diversity & Inclusion, Integrity & Respect, Learning, Continuous Improvement & Personal Growth, Teamwork & Collaboration. GENERAL SUMMARY / OVERVIEW As Machine Learning (ML)/Artificial Intelligence (AI) progress in healthcare a new role for data scientist is evolving that not only includes participating in model development but playing a key role in transitioning the developing model into the clinical workflow (Inference). The role includes assisting with the dynamics of lab curated data as model inputs to adjust to the real-world scenarios that often include dirty model inputs, complex results management and integrations into various clinical systems. Acting under the supervision of the Director of the EMI, the data scientist will work with affiliated labs on model curation (40%) and with clinical integration teams (60%). The ideal candidate will aggressively lead the translation process by advising and assisting the EMI Technical Project Mangers on issues related to the performance of the model as it is being deployed into clinical production. This also include participating and advising the labs producing the modes on unique clinical workflow issues and advising on model training adjustments to account for the real-time environment. Additionally, this individual will participate in ideation of model concepts and participate in the generation of new models within affiliated MGB data science labs. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Knowledge of radiology workflow required Demonstrated experience in integrating AI/ML with clinical systems (EPIC integration a strong plus) Develop, optimize and train machine learning models to improve patient care and provide efficiency gains in the clinical workflow. Lead projects from ideation through clinical deployment Publish interesting and novel results in both machine learning and clinical communities. Develop tooling to facilitate model development in a healthcare setting. Use the Partners HealthCare values to govern decisions, actions and behaviors. These values guide how we get our work done: Patients, Affordability, Accountability & Service Commitment, Decisiveness, Innovation & Thoughtful Risk; and how we treat each other: Diversity & Inclusion, Integrity & Respect, Learning, Continuous Improvement & Personal Growth, Teamwork & Collaboration PhD in computer science or related discipline such as mathematics, engineering or physics Capable to quickly learn new knowledge (new algorithms, architectures, models and optimizations etc) Fluency in Python or another programming language (with a willingness to learn Python) Experience in C# (Dot Net) a strong plus Comfortable in Tensorflow, PyTorch, or Caffe2 Highly comfortable in the theory and practice of neural networks Capable of debugging faulty network architectures & hyperparameter configurations Highly comfortable with traditional machine learning algorithms (e.g., SVM, boosting, bagging, etc.) Experience in working with images in radiology (DICOM) Experience working with natural language processing (NLP) Experience in using containerization software such as Docker Comfortable working independently and defining measurable, achievable goals SKILLS / COMPETENCIES Strong sense of urgency and proactiveness Ability to function effectively and independently in a fast-paced environment, organize and prioritize work independently, and meet tight deadlines Self-motivated, with an entrepreneurial mindset and ability to learn quickly Strong analytical, planning, organization and time management skills with a high attention to detail Excellent interpersonal skills to effectively communicate with technical teams, cross-functional teams, and staff at all levels of the organization including both technical and non-technical personnel Ability to relate to and gain insights from product end users Excellent and succinct written and oral communication skills Ability to effectively conduct meetings and lead and facilitate large working sessions with all levels of staff and across various stakeholder groups Ability to successfully negotiate and collaborate with others of different skill sets, backgrounds and levels within and external to the organization Ability to empathize with the end user, understand and intuit customer needs and gain insights from product end users Strong decision-making skills, with the ability to negotiate/balance decisions and priorities across functions; comfort making hard decisions with incomplete data and in a timely manner Demonstrates strong evidence of algorithmic and structured thinking, and intuition for logic, pattern matching, what-if analysis, problem decomposition. and synthesis Demonstrates ability to organize and incorporate complex systems requirements into product features and prioritize features effectively  EEO Statement Mass General Brigham is an Equal Opportunity Employer & by embracing diverse skills, perspectives and ideas, we choose to lead. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, sex, age, gender identity, disability, sexual orientation, military service, genetic information, and/or other status protected under law.  Primary Location MA-Somerville-MGB Assembly Row Work Locations MGB Assembly Row 399 Revolution Drive Somerville 02145 Job Data/Analytics Organization Mass General Brigham(PHS) Schedule Full-time Standard Hours 40 Shift Day Job Employee Status Regular Recruiting Department PHS Center for Clinical Data Science Job Posting Jun 23, 2021
Duties Summary As a Data Scientist for the CIA, you will organize and interpret data to inform US decision makers, drive successful operations and shape CIA technology and resource investments. Through CIA's global mission, the Agency has access to unique and highly specialized data sets. You will work with advanced hardware, software and techniques to develop computational algorithms and statistical methods that find patterns and relationships in large volumes of data. Responsibilities As a Data Scientist for the CIA, you will organize and interpret data to inform US decision makers, drive successful operations and shape CIA technology and resource investments. Through CIA's global mission, the Agency has access to unique and highly specialized data sets. You will work with advanced hardware, software and techniques to develop computational algorithms and statistical methods that find patterns and relationships in large volumes of data. Data Scientists clearly communicate their conclusions to a diverse audience and become experts through Agency-sponsored continuing education, attendance at academic and technical conferences as well as collaboration with the Intelligence Community. Travel Required Not required Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 14 - GS-9, Step 3 to GS-14, Step 10. Job family (Series) 0356 Data Transcriber Requirements  Requirements Conditions of Employment US citizenship required (dual national US citizens are eligible). All positions require relocation to the Washington, DC metropolitan area. All applicants must successfully complete a thorough medical and psychological exam, a polygraph interview, and a comprehensive background investigation. All applicants must generally not have used illegal drugs within the last twelve months. The issue of illegal drug use prior to twelve months ago is carefully evaluated during the medical and security processing.  Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree preferably in a quantitative science, engineering, or social sciences field. GPA of at least 3.0 on a 4-point scale. Experience in a science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM) related field, such as: Computer science. Mathematics or Statistics. Data analytics. Quantitative social science. Economics. Engineering. Physics. Operations research. Familiarity with three (3) key data science skills, strength in at least one (1): Mathematical techniques to understand and interpret data. Computational or programming techniques to create reusable and scalable solutions. Interaction or visualization techniques to enable clarity in interpreting data and making decisions. Experience solving problems with real world data through thesis research, internships, or work experience. Demonstrated Creativity, Initiative, Integrity, and leadership abilities. Ability to work in a diverse team environment and collaborate with subject matter experts. Desired Qualifications: Advanced degree in a quantitative field. Depth of experience and current skills in at least two (2) of the key data science skills. Experience in requirements analysis, deriving key needs, and working with non-technical experts. Ability to successfully complete projects with large or incomplete data and provide solutions. Experience presenting data-driven insights to customers and colleagues. Experience applying machine learning, natural language processing, or reasoning systems. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Education Bachelor's degree preferably in a quantitative science, engineering, or social sciences field. GPA of at least 3.0 on a 4-point scale Experience in a science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM) related field, such as: Computer science. Mathematics or Statistics. Data analytics. Quantitative social science. Economics. Engineering. Physics. Operations research. Additional information  How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications of the specific position to which you are applying.  Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Top Secret Drug test required Yes Required Documents  Required Documents The following items must be attached to your on-line application (PDF format preferred):  Resume Cover letter in which you specify your qualifications for one or more positions. Please address why you want to work in this role and what differentiates you from other applicants Unofficial transcripts for all degrees A writing sample, five (5) pages MAXIMUM, single spaced, technical or analytic paper that focuses on your current area of expertise or interest and is related to your interest in positions at CIA. You can excerpt longer papers  If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits  Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency US Citizens (dual national US citizens are eligible). This job requires a Top Secret/SCI Security Clearance.
Postdoctoral Research Fellow, Data Science for Understanding of Disease Spread  The George Mason University, Department of Geography and Geoinformation Science (GGS), in the College of Science, invites applications for a Postdoctoral Research Fellow position beginning as early as Fall 2021. The project, supported by the National Science Foundation’s Evolution and Ecology of Infectious Diseases (EEID) Program, is jointly conducted by Drs. Taylor Anderson, Andreas Züfle, and Hamdi Kavak of GMU. The Postdoc will be mentored by the project PIs in all aspects of their career development including scientific research, writing, communication, career planning, teaching and mentoring, and collaboration. The project abstract can be found using this link. The duration of the position is one year and can be extended up to three years via one-year extensions.  George Mason has a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of excellence and diversity among its faculty and staff, and strongly encourages candidates to apply who will enrich Mason’s academic and culturally inclusive environment.  Responsibilities:  The primary job responsibilities of this position consist of:  Leading data-driven research to better understand the spread of infectious respiratory diseases; Publishing research papers at top-tier journals and conferences; Disseminating and promoting research results at relevant venues and events; Creating and managing a data repository of related data sources relevant to disease spread, human response to disease, mobility, and socio-demographics; Supervising research assistants and interns and collaborating with fellow scholars.  Required Qualifications:  Completion of a Ph.D. in computer science, data science, computational sciences, or closely related field prior to the first day of the appointment; Extensive experience in data mining; Strong programming skills; Excellent written communication skills demonstrated by strong publication record.  Preferred Qualifications:  Strong programming experience in Python and Java; Experience in data management and databases; Geospatial analytics skills; Experience in agent-based modeling; A track record that demonstrates the ability to work well with interdisciplinary research teams. Special Instructions to Applicants For full consideration, applicants must apply at https://jobs.gmu.edu/; complete and submit the online application; and upload a cover letter, resume, and minimum of three professional references with full contact information. For Full Consideration, Apply by: July 23, 2021
Apogee is seeking a Jr. Data Analyst/Developer to work in Chantilly, VA. Details Provides technical support assisting coding and operation of scorecard analysis tool Makes adjustments to underlying algorithms as necessary to support new customer requirements, and creates compelling visualizations with resultant data. Challenging work in support of US Intel Community - a Mission that Matters! Regular interfacing with company leadership. Support for new ideas and encouragement to take risks! Qualifications Bachelor of Science in related field Active TS/SCI with CI Polygraph Required Python scripting experience Statistics, data science & metric generation background Tableau experience Preferred: C# scripting experience SQL database experience Understanding satellite constellation designs and constraints DoD or IC experience STK experience Team-player, self-starter, great attitude Live It! Challenging work in support of US Intel Community - a Mission that Matters! Access to our cool ApogeePlex facility. Wicked smart and collaborative coworkers. Regular interfacing with company leadership Support for new ideas & encouragement to take risks Medical, Dental, Vision Life Insurance Disability (Short and Long Term) Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD&D) Professional Development Assistance (PDA) Health Savings Accounts / Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts 401(k) with huge company match Paid Time Off / Floating Holidays Apogee is a M/F Disabled and Vet EEO/AA Employer Reach your peak and become an Apogee-nius! Today! xUoWOAWvrH
Summary Posted: Jul 12, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200249694 Siri is deployed to hundreds of millions of devices worldwide helping our users with their daily tasks, just by asking. We, the Private learning team in the Siri Understanding org are on a mission to take Siri to the next level of intelligence while preserving privacy of our users. We believe every user interaction with Siri is an opportunity to learn, we also believe Privacy is a fundamental human right — we are looking for talented machine learning engineers to help us make Siri more intelligent and personal by learning from user interactions without compromising their privacy. Key Qualifications Expertise in various facets of machine learning and natural language processing, such as classification, feature engineering, information extraction, structured prediction, clustering, semi-supervised learning, topic modeling and ranking. Strong programming and software engineering skills (C++, Python or equivalent) Self-starter, shown ability to deliver multiple projects to strict deadlines Description The goal of the Private Learning Team is to take Siri to the next level of intelligence and accuracy using advanced ML and statistical techniques. We work on a wide spectrum of approaches to improving Siri. You would work on core machine learning algorithms and models that are part of Siri’s ability to understand and respond to requests. You would also work on building scalable distributed systems to deliver these models to Siri’s users and iterate on them. You should be passionate about building extraordinary products and embrace privacy (which is central to all of what we do). This position involves a wide variety of skills and innovation. This is a rare opportunity that sits at the state of the art of machine learning and software. Education & Experience Master’s in Computer Science or PhD (preferred). Additional RequirementsPrior experience on online learning, on-device ML, Private federated learning, Differential privacy.Prior experience with applying Big Data (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive and/or Pig, Spark) tools to large quantities of textual dataPrior experience shipping ML-based projects to production and delivering significant impact to users.A strong track of publication record in ML/Privacy/NLP/Speech
Summary: The Global Business Operations (GBO) team is a dynamic group with high visibility within IQVIA. GBO develops strategic proposals and budgets for our customers, and upon award, drives contract execution, including changes throughout the study lifecycle, by working with numerous internal and external stakeholders. We seek highly motivated and accountable people looking for opportunities to impact the business and be part of the solution. At IQVIA, we look at individuals with a focus on continuous learning and career development Purpose: Under general supervision, develop and prepare contracts for assigned customers, to support the Global sales team. Responsibilities:Work closely with project teams to determine appropriate terms and conditions of contractsDevelop and prepare ContractsAct as primary customer interface on small to mid-size projectsSupport senior team members on medium to larger customers / projectsRevise or develop contract and related budgets and scope of work. Ensure the scope of work is defined correctly and budgets reflect the scope. Ensure any changes are integrated into the main study contract efficiently and accuratelyDevelop an understanding of and be compliant to all processes and policies relating to the development of contractsAssist in the negotiation of legal contracting text using Quintiles Global Contracting Policy, templates and fallbacksOversee finalization and distribution of documentsUpdate and maintain contract databases and filesParticipate in departmental initiativesPerform all other duties as assigned REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIESKnowledge of CRO IndustryKnowledge of Microsoft Excel, Word and understanding of costing modelsPossess strong analytical skills and excellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to establish and maintain effective working relationships with coworkers, managers and customers . Minimum Required Education and Experience:Degree in Life Science, Business Management or related field and a minimum of 1 year's direct experience in contracts or equivalent combination of education, training and experience At IQVIA, we believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. The advanced analytics, technology solutions and contract research services we provide to the life sciences industry are made possible by our 70,000+ employees around the world who apply their insight, curiosity and intellectual courage every step of the way. Learn more at jobs.iqvia.com. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other status protected by applicable law. IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.
SUMMARY: The Data Scientist is part of BankUnited's Enterprise Data Management Team. This dynamic team of talented professionals is tasked with the development of a comprehensive advanced analytics infrastructure for the purpose of delivering high value analytic solutions and/or tools to enable data-driven strategic decision-making. The team operates in an Agile-based fast paced environment. Every team member is expected to be highly analytical, collaborative, creative and have strong communication skills. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned. Develops software code and/or algorithms to explore, extract, clean, integrate and otherwise prepare data for consumption into models or business intelligence (BI). Works collaboratively with other data scientists and team members to develop statistical or machine learning models for a variety of applications across the bank. Helps translate business questions into quantitative methods used to answer them and support data-driven strategic decision making. Develops advanced BI dashboards and visualizations. Presents complex concepts in a format digestible by a diverse audience across the organization. Helps advance the team's continued education in advancements in data science, techniques and practices.   EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE Degree in a STEM field with particular emphasis on coursework or experience using statistical models required Advanced degree preferred Prior relevant work experience preferred, but recent graduates will also be considered preferred Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau required Direct experience working on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) analytics platform preferred Experience in financial services preferred Prior experience working in an Agile framework preferred CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS: Agile / Scrum Master preferred Amazon Web Services (AWS) Professional certification preferred  #GoForMore
Two Sigma is a financial sciences company, combining data analysis, invention, and rigorous inquiry to help solve the toughest challenges in investment management, insurance technology, securities, private equity, and venture capital. Our team of scientists, technologists, and academics looks beyond traditional methods to develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most complex economic problems. We are seeking a data scientist to join our growing team and contribute to developing real-time views of consumer and sector-level microeconomic behavior and insights into how that collective behavior manifests in the global economy. We use large-scale real-world observational data to observe and contextualize macroeconomic conditions, regional economic health, consumer decision making, and sector- and firm-level performance in order to drive investment strategies. We often work with semi- or unstructured data sets, and need to be comfortable getting deep into messy data to design, test, and implement economically-intuitive features that measure real world economic activity. To accomplish this, we work closely with our partners to identify, develop, and monetize differentiated hypothesis-driven features that provide a real-time lens on emerging economic and commercial trends. You are excited to take on the following opportunities: Get into the weeds of large-scale real-world observational data to infer and control for potential biases resulting from complex data generating processes Continually develop subject-matter expertise by engaging with internal and external partners to learn how various industries interact with suppliers, serve their customers, and assess their internal financial performance Independently generate, articulate, and implement hypotheses on what may affect US and international industry- or firm-level performance trends Develop a deep understanding of the application of empirical methods and data science to challenging applied prediction problems You should possess the following qualifications: Degree in a technical or quantitative discipline, like chemistry, computer science, economics, statistics, or quantitative social science with an applied empirical focus (all levels welcome, from bachelor’s to doctorate) Proficient in Python and SQL Performed an in-depth research project, examining real-world data Are an independent thinker who can creatively approach data analysis and communicate complex ideas clearly You don’t need a background in finance. It’s nice to have, but more than half of Two Sigma’s employees come from outside the finance industry. If you’ve got the research skills, we can teach you the financial aspects of the job. You will enjoy the following benefits: Core Benefits: Fully paid medical and dental insurance premiums for employees and dependents, competitive 401k match, employer-paid life & disability insurance Perks: Onsite gyms with laundry service, wellness activities, casual dress, snacks, game rooms Learning: Tuition reimbursement, conference and training sponsorship Time Off: Generous vacation and unlimited sick days, competitive paid caregiver leaves We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.
We’re looking for entrepreneurial Data Scientists who are motivated by our mission to simplify healthcare. We’re building a data platform and API layer that powers the workflows of healthcare providers, care navigation platforms, health plans, and emerging digital health companies. You’ll be involved throughout the product lifecycle and collaborate closely with technical and non-technical stakeholders to understand their various data needs, and how to best use Ribbon’s data to solve them. What we look for at Ribbon: Passion and drive to simplify healthcare by building products that increase access to care and power every healthcare decision to be high-quality, cost-effective, and convenient Commitment to Ribbon Health company values, working on an exceptional team, and building an exceptional company Grit, hustle, desire, and a “get-it-done” attitude; strong comfort with a lean startup environment, where everyone is encouraged to participate in and contribute across all teams Dedication to the creation of a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment where teammates are celebrated for their unique perspectives and work together to simplify healthcare for all What we’re looking for in this role: You are proficient with SQL and have experience working with data at scale (e.g., Postgres, EMR, Spark, HBase, Presto, Postgres) You feel comfortable owning ML workflows, such as automating the training of a predictive model, the deployment of that model at scale, etc You have some experience designing, building, and/or managing scalable systems in the cloud (e.g., AWS, Google Cloud, Azure). You have a track record of learning new technologies and languages on the job Although you’ll initially work mostly in Python, you’ll help us continue to evaluate new technologies and find the best tools for the job at hand Your day-to-day: Work closely with both business stakeholders and the machine learning team at Ribbon Build and launch new models into production: You will work with the machine learning team to design, build, and launch new products and product features. This includes new APIs to extend the reach of our core technology Build data infrastructure and work closely with data pipelines: You will develop infrastructure to support our ETL, analytics, and modeling workflows. Data engineering is a core part of what we do, so you have to love working closely with data! Build and refine ML models: You will help create ML models that improve Ribbon's abilities to surface the most accurate healthcare data possible Evaluate third-party data sources: You will make decisions about what data is worth buying to augment the Ribbon data set How we live out our values for our teammates Our goal is to make this the best career decision any of us have ever made. We stand by our values to make it happen. Run Toward Hard Problems | We are motivated by the toughest challenges. We seek out hard problems that have the most impact and solve them to help those who need it most. We encourage our teammates to take ownership of outcomes that motivate them. Everyone at Ribbon has a say in our objective and key result (OKR) planning process for their teams and across teams. Put Your Team First | We are a family. We are all happier and healthier when we take care of each other and put each other’s needs ahead of our own. We take care of you by offering fully covered insurance premiums on health, vision, and dental, a 401K plan match, and a flexible working policy that includes progressive family leave guidelines, flexible working schedules, and unlimited vacation. Do What You Say | We are honest with each other. We are accountable to each other. When we commit to accomplishing our goals, we make it happen. Every team member has the opportunity to own high-impact work at Ribbon. Stay Hungry, Keep Improving | We are humble. We will make mistakes, learn from those mistakes, and be better because of those mistakes. Here, feedback is a gift and mistakes are learning opportunities. We have a thoughtful culture that focuses on giving and receiving regular positive and constructive feedback to help us support each other and make each other better. Also, speaking of “hungry” we offer plenty of snacks, food, and coffee. Practice Habits of Excellence | We measure our success by the process it took to get there. We will always do our very best and we are proud of the outcome because of it. At Ribbon, we focus on how we get things done by documenting and sharing our learnings, We are building the systems we need to scale our company and support our work for the long-term. Build With Empathy | We are building the best healthcare experience for our users. When faced with a difficult decision, we do what’s best for people’s lives. This includes our team. Every Ribbon teammate shares working and lifestyle norms, and we hold each other accountable to respecting these norms so each person can balance work-life integration that works for them. - Ribbon Health is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on any basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of merit, qualifications, performance, and business need. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at recruiting@ribbonhealth.com.
Duties Summary This position is located in the FDIC Tech Lab (FDITECH) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in Washington, D.C.  The FDITECH Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer may work from any of the FDIC Regional Offices or Headquarters, with the expectation that he or she spends a reasonable amount of time at Headquarters on a reoccurring basis, at the conclusion of mandatory telework.  Salary reflects a pay cap for this position of $273,400.  Responsibilities Builds a holistic, enterprise-wide AI technologies program for managing Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies as an asset across its Lifecycle, and provides authoritative direction on AI technologies and information governance, AI technologies design/modeling, AI technologies analytics, AI technologies science, and AI technologies retention/disposition and usage.  Analyzes and plans for anticipated changes in Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies capacity requirements and provides recommendations on the application of new AI technologies and architectures.  Provides strategic direction in the development and implementation of enterprise-wide Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies standards, policy, reporting requirements and relevant frameworks, and identifies how AI technologies and solutions can drive innovation.  Researches and stays abreast on current Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies strategies employed by other federal agencies and in the private sector to identify opportunities and practices that would benefit the organization.  Acts as a trusted advisor developing and maintaining effective relationships with senior leadership across the organization, and preparing and presenting briefings to senior leadership and Corporate-level governing bodies on complex and controversial issues. Travel Required 25% or less - This position requires overnight travel. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential CX Job family (Series) 2210 Information Technology Management Requirements  Requirements Conditions of Employment Registration with the Selective Service.  U.S. Citizenship is required.  Employment Conditions.  Completion of Financial Disclosure may be required.  Employee may be relocated to any duty location to meet management needs.  Top Secret National Security Clearance is required. Qualifications Qualifying experience may be obtained in the private or public sector. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic, religious/spiritual; community; student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Additional qualifications information can be found here.  Applicants must have one year of specialized experience in a government agency (equivalent in the federal government to CG/GS-15 or above) or private industry. Specialized experience is defined as experience managing, planning, developing, and implementing Artificial Intelligence technology and their applications, and leading the vision, design, and launch of innovative Artificial Intelligence strategies.  NOTE: Artificial intelligence (AI) refers to the simulation of human intelligence in machines that are programmed to think like humans and mimic their actions. The term may also be applied to any machine that exhibits traits associated with a human mind, such as learning and problem-solving.  Applicants must have met the qualification requirements (including selective placement factors – if any) for this position within 30 calendar days of the closing date of this announcement.  Applicants must provide details of the duties performed as they relate to the qualifying experience.  Experience must be explicitly stated in the resume, as experience not specifically described in the resume cannot be assumed. Resumes that are vague or do not address the specific requirements will not receive maximum consideration. Education There is no substitution of education for the experience for this position. Additional information To read about your rights and responsibilities as an applicant for Federal employment, click here.  If selected, you may be required to serve a probationary or trial period as applicable to appointment type.  FDIC Corporate Experts (CX) are in the Federal competitive service and not the Senior Executive Service (SES). As a CX at the FDIC, you will provide executive leadership, and coordinate the Corporation's programs and policies.  The range of pay shown includes base pay plus supplemental locality adjustments. The locality rates for these duty locations range from a low of 8.93% to a high of 47.85%. Pay will vary by grade level and the locality rate for the geographic location where the position is located. For more on FDIC locality rates, click here.  Current or Former Political Appointees: The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C or Non-Career SES employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the HR Office.  How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Your resume and the online assessment questionnaire will be reviewed, to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements outlined in this announcement. Therefore, it is imperative that your resume contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make the qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.  If you are found minimally qualified, a rating panel of Executive Manager(s) or Corporate Expert(s) will review your qualifications and experience. The rating panel will place applications in one of three categories: Best Qualified, Highly Qualified, or Qualified. Within these categories, preference eligible candidates eligible for veterans’ preference will receive selection priority over non-veterans. These category assignments are a measure of the degree in which your background and responses to the assessment questions match the competencies/knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) listed below.  Top ranked (Best Qualified) candidates will be referred to the selecting official for further review and consideration.  The competencies/knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) you will be assessed on are listed below.  1. Skill in applying advanced principles, concepts, methods, standards and practices in order to build an Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies program and AI applications/solutions and teams across an organization.  2. Skill in problem analysis and implementing emerging technologies and strategies into solutions and new endeavors.  3. Ability to lead major strategic, cross-functional initiatives within large organizations to effectively drive business, culture, and technology change in a dynamic and complex operating environment, and to establish frameworks to execute programmatic operations.  4. Knowledge of current and emerging information technologies used in Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies and AI applications/solutions development.  5. Ability to explain Artificial Intelligence (AI) concepts and technologies, communicate processes, propose ideas, and negotiate with various stakeholders at all levels, including senior management and Corporate-level governing bodies.  You do not need to respond separately to these KSAs. Your answers to the online questionnaire and resume will serve as responses to the KSAs.  To preview questions please click here.  Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Top Secret Drug test required Yes Position sensitivity and risk Critical-Sensitive (CS)/High Risk Trust determination process Suitability/Fitness Required Documents  Required Documents Failure to provide all of the required documentation as stated in this vacancy announcement, may result in an ineligible determination or may affect your consideration status. Please review the following to determine your eligibility and which document(s) is required to complete your application.  VETERANS’ PREFERENCE: If you are claiming veterans’ preference, click here. (Note: Veterans must submit the Member 4 copy of the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty – or other copy showing the type of discharge/character of service [e.g., Honorable, Under Honorable Conditions, etc.] along with any other required documents (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, SF-15, etc.) to demonstrate veterans’ preference eligibility.) If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits  Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding.  Benefits for federal employees (https://www.usa.gov/benefits-for-federal-employees#item-36407) Healthcare insurance (https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/) Pay and leave (https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/pay-and-leave/)  The FDIC offers comprehensive benefits to its employees. These benefits, some at minimal cost, are some of the best and most competitive in both the private and public sectors. In addition, under FDIC’s Group Life Insurance Program, basic life insurance coverage for Corporate Experts and Executive Managers is automatically equal to 3 times their salary (rounded to the next higher thousand) up to a maximum of $800,000. Executives may also choose from two other lower coverage options. The Corporation pays for the cost of the basic coverage unless employees also elect to be covered under the Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program (FEGLI). To find out more, click here. Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency All United States Citizens. Applicants with status or those eligible under special hiring authorities should apply under FDIC merit promotion announcement 2021-CX-MP-0021. However, if you desire consideration also under this public non-status announcement, you must apply to both. Status applicants are current permanent Federal employees in the competitive service and former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility.
Principal Statistician - Biopharma – Rayleigh, USI am seeking a Principal Biostatistician for a forward-thinking Global Biopharma company with a promising pipeline including several novel molecules. They have an extremely innovative culture where you matter, and that encourages people to bring forward new ideas. Concentrate on late phase submissions and covering all aspects of clinical analysis.They are looking for a Lead Statistician to provide insights around Neurology, Immunology and Rare Disease, with skills and interest in overseeing a CRO to conduct Phase III and Follow-up trialsDesirable ExperienceActs as the lead biostatistician for one or more clinical studies within a clinical program or across multiple clinical programs.Works very closely with the other biostatisticians and the program-level biostatistician and the lead biostatistician at the assigned CRO or other vendor.Participates in the protocol summary development. Gives input into the study design, efficacy and safety parameters and the planned statistical analyses .Authors the Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) or reviews and approves the SAP if prepared by an external partner biostatistician.Coordinates with other internal or external biostatisticians and statistical programmers to prepare the statistical analyses. Communicates and coordinates all statistical activities with external partner biostatisticians.Reviews the clinical study report and provides input on interpretation of results by attending the Results Interpretation Meeting (RIM).Assists the biostatistician lead for a program of studies with the statistical deliverables for regulatory submissions and the lifecycle of a development compound.Person specification: Excellent understanding of SAS computing package.Able to manage multiple tasks and projects.Advanced statistical analysis skills.Good clinical studies design and analysis experience.Person specification: Excellent understanding of SAS computing package.Able to manage multiple tasks and projects.Advanced statistical analysis skills.Good clinical studies design and analysis experience.Culture:There is a strong emphasis on innovation, collaboration and impact whilst still offering a motivating, friendly and flexible work environment that values their employees.What do you get in return?Opportunity to gain novel insights to drive decision making in clinical developmentIndustry leading salary, annual bonus, car allowance and Long Term Incentive PlanYour ideas to be heard and implementedNot what you are looking for? Please contact Aimee Weston for a confidential conversation on +44 7806 790645Reference ID: AW0023Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $120,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearSchedule:Monday to Friday
Job Description Data Scientist Technology | Digital Mission The Data Scientist is responsible for conducting both directed and undirected research that involve tackling open-ended data science problems and questions in various segments primarily of the oil and gas industry. Drawing on an advanced degree in a quantitative field such as data science, engineering, computer science, statistics or applied mathematics, the Data Scientist demonstrates the knowledge to invent new models and algorithms to solve data problems. A preferred candidate would have research and industry experience in petroleum engineering and statistical modeling to automate workflows. Qualifications Master’s or PhD in a quantitative field such as data science, engineering, computer science, statistics, or applied mathematics. Strong knowledge of statistical and computational platforms (Python, R, C++, C#, HTML, SQL, Angular, Matlab, etc). Experience with BI tools a plus. Background in a variety of data-driven models including linear and logistic regression, decision trees, and neural networks. A preferred candidate would have research and industry experience in petroleum engineering and statistical modeling to automate oil and gas workflows. A preferred candidate would have experience with operationalizing Machine Learning solutions at scale in the cloud or within automation and control systems Responsibilities Research and assess next-generation technologies for machinery diagnostics and prognostics, and digitalization of the equipment and processes. Apply engineering knowledge in developing data-driven algorithms for anomaly detection, failure prediction, and model predictive optimization and control by exercising an optimal balance between domain understanding of oil and gas industry and machine learning. Process large multivariate and temporal data sets collected from equipment operations, manufacturing tests and diagnostic routines. Collaborate with field and product engineers to identify key health monitoring parameters of a system. Maintain mastery of state-of-the-art relevant tools such as in data acquisition, machine learning and software engineering, that are necessary to operationalize and scale solutions. Conduct internal and external technical reviews and contribute as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for engineers and projects that involve data science and machine learning. Communicate ideas, plans, and results effectively via oral and written reports. Publish work in relevant journals and conferences to increase visibility for the company. Generate new IP such as patents or trade secrets for R&D activities that will provide the company a competitive advantage. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer including disability and veterans. If you are an individual with a disability and you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation during the application process, please contact our services team at +1 (844) 404-7427.
Responsibilities:  Collaborate with other eCapital Data Science consultants to collectively implement innovative solutions for customers Participate in business requirements meetings with executive sponsors and business leaders Assist with the development of project plans and provide project management with project status updates Participate in the design and development of Business Analytics and/or Data Science Solutions Identify and develop required data interfaces with existing G/L, ERP, and other source systems Provide the appropriate user and technical documentation Assist with sales opportunities by building custom solution demos or “proof of concept”  Qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Statistics, Data Science, MIS, or Computer Science (we would consider applicants that have other degrees that have demonstrated out of school aptitude for data science) Self-starter with ability to work on projects with minimum supervision while adding value to cross-functional teams Proven leadership and an ability to work within a project team Excellent written and verbal communication skills Working knowledge of at least one of the following open-source programming languages and proven ability to pick up new languages quickly: Python, R, SQL, Spark/PySpark Ability to travel (post-pandemic)  Benefits  Company paid employee medical and family dental premiums, including 401k and profit sharing Exposure to Senior Level Executives within first year Collaborative, entrepreneurial environment Club trips to top destinations Company provided cell phone and laptop If located in Minneapolis: On-site fitness facility
Equivalent Experience  Description: A large retail apparel company is looking for Marketing and Ecommerce Data Analytics in an effort to advance media effectiveness measurements. This role will be responsible for the metholdology that enables cross platform attribution of media efficacy across the brand. This person will be looking at their different Marketing platforms like; Google Analytics, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Social Sites and building data models to provide deeper insights in customer behaviors. Ability to effectively engage with business stakeholders and translate business requirements into high impact reports and visualizations utilizing best fit tools and back-end data aggregation. Work with the Data Engineering team to source, ingest, and prepare data for use in reports and visualizations. Key Responsibilities: • Own and build the attribution model and build supporting pipelines of data for needed for the model for all marketing (B2B and B2C) and eCommerce sales. • Collecting, cleaning & preparing large amounts of customer data using SQL & Google Analytics. • Identify and analyze trends or patterns in complex data sets in Adobe Campaign, Salesforce, Web analytics, data lake and other systems to engineer data, identities, and models • Build data models to accelerate the business by providing deeper insights into visitor and customer behavior, and the teams hunger for insights. • Provide statistical trend analysis on large structured and unstructured data sets and analysis of advanced algorithms including artificial intelligence concepts. Skills for Success: • Experience of working in a B2B or B2C business in building data, reporting and analytics foundation. • Proficient in building Attribution models (i.e., Marketing Mix, Media Mix, Multi-Channel/Touch) • Strong Customer Lifetime Value (CLV) and Customer Journey Analysis skills • Comfortable outside of your comfort zone, explore new tech, build your own tools, jump into ETL when needed and semantic layering, or find a new way to address an old problem. Skills: Data analysis, Google analytics, Data modeling, Marketing analysis, sql, digital web analytics, attribution modeling, SEO, BigQuery, ecommerce analytics, .com, adoby, salesforce Top Skills Details: Data analysis,Google analytics,Data modeling,Marketing analysis,sql,digital web analytics,attribution modeling,SEO,BigQuery,ecommerce analytics,.com,adoby,salesforce Additional Skills & Qualifications: Looking for people that might have degrees in the following: Bachelor’s in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Marketing Analytics or quantitative field Any experiences with complex SQL statements or processing data using Python, R, Node would be beneficial. Experience Level: Expert Level About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
Title: Environmental Science Data Technician Location: Valley Forge, PA Start Date: immediately  Responsibilities: Review environmental laboratory data in an organized and concise manner, consistent with and as prescribed by corporate and US EPA data validation standard operating procedures, quality assurance project plans, and published analytical methods Extensive report preparation is required, which will undergo rigorous scrutiny of project manager and/or senior chemistry staff Minimal client interaction Limited marketing responsibilities with no public speaking or authorship of professional papers Take direction and execute assignments Exercise considerable care in following directions Additional duties as may be assigned. Joule, a System One division is a leader in specialized workforce solutions and integrated services. With more than 6,000 employees and roughly 50 offices throughout the U.S. we provide scientific, clinical, engineering, energy, IT, legal and administrative staffing services. For more than 40 years, we have delivered workforce solutions and integrated services to clients nationally.
Primary Location: 6305 Peachtree Dunwoody Rd, Atlanta, GA, USA Division: Cox Communications Job Level: Individual Contributor Travel: No Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Requisition Number: 213430 Identify, research, interpret, catalog, source, manipulate, and enrich Cox Communications structured and unstructured data assets to facilitate effective analytics. Use foundational data science methodologies to identify relationships/drivers of key metrics to improve customer experience, network performance, quality of service, profitability of products, and personalized offerings. Build and maintain processes and functionalities for analytics solution needs and transfer of solutions to partner teams. Prepare documentation and visualizations. Test new technologies, tools, and data. Keep up-to-date on new technologies, standards and practices. Qualifications: Expertise in (at least one) SQL language and Python. Experience with writing complex programs in these environments. Strong programming skills and ability to utilize a variety of software/languages/tools; e.g., Spark, R, Python, Scala, Java, C++, Hadoop, Hive, SQL, SAS, Tableau, etc. Familiarity with TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, MXNet, Spark MLlib. Understanding of the mathematical and computational concepts behind advanced analytics algorithms. Understanding cloud environments such as Google, Microsoft, or Amazon. Understanding of one of the following core domains: customer care, network, field services, finance, business operations. Strong communication skills. Ability to successfully comprehend and communicate business insights. Ability to work in a diverse team. Preferred: Graduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering or closely related field. Ph.D. strongly preferred. Experience in data visualization solutions and data visualization. Who We Are About Cox Communications Cox Communications is committed to creating meaningful moments of human connection through broadband applications and services. The largest private telecom company in America, we proudly serve six million homes and businesses across 18 states. Were dedicated to empowering others to build a better future and celebrate diverse products, people, suppliers, communities and the characteristics that makes each one unique. About Cox We are the Cox family of businesses. Weve been making our mark since 1898 by building and evolving world-class businesses, staying true to our values, and encouraging top talent to always look for growth and impact while building a career with us. Our primary divisions - Cox Communications and Cox Automotive - are driving a new wave of innovation, powering smart cities with powerhouse broadband communications and pioneering greener, more progressive transportation alternatives for individuals and fleet operators. Were also expanding into new spaces like cleantech and healthcare to rev up our momentum toward building a better future for the next generation. Were looking for the talent today who will be our leaders tomorrow. Sound intriguing? Learn more about where we are today, where we hope youll be going with us, and the common purpose that unites us at coxenterprises.com. Benefits of working at Cox may include health care insurance (medical, dental, vision), retirement planning (401(k)), and paid days off (sick leave, parental leave, flexible vacation/wellness days, and/or PTO). For more details on what benefits you may be offered, visit our benefits page. Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individuals age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law. Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.
Sunnyvale, California and Bellevue, Washington locations What if your job description were simply “Make tomorrow better?” That’s the essence of roles within our Bing Team. Every day, we bring an insatiable curiosity to the table, challenging ourselves to reimagine what is and what can be. We build on what’s come before to create what’s next. We drive machine intelligence. We help shape the future. We empower billions of people around the globe. Online Advertising is one of the fastest growing businesses on the Internet today, with about $70 billion of a $600 billion advertising market already online. Search engines, web publishers, major ad networks, and ad exchanges are now serving billions of ad impressions per day and generating terabytes of user events data every day. The rapid growth of online advertising has created enormous opportunities as well as technical challenges that demand computational intelligence. Computational Advertising has emerged as a new interdisciplinary field that involves information retrieval, machine learning, data mining, statistics, and micro-economics, to solve challenging problems that arise in online advertising. The central problem of computational advertising is to select an optimized slate of eligible ads for a user to maximize a total utility function that captures the expected revenue, user experience and return on investment for advertisers. Responsibilities Microsoft is innovating rapidly in this space to grow its share of this market by providing the advertising industry with the state-of-the-art online advertising platform and service. Bing Ads Marketplace and Serving (MPS) team is at the core of this effort, responsible for research & development of all the algorithmic components in our paid search advertising technology stack, including: User/query intent understanding, document/ad understanding, user targeting Relevance modeling, IR-based ad retrieval User response (click & conversion) prediction using large scale machine learning algorithmsNetwork protection, fraud detection, traffic quality measurement Rich and innovative Ad products that add relevant and personalized information Advertising metrics and measurement, including relevance and ad campaign effectiveness Data mining and analytics Supply-demand forecasting Ad campaign planning and optimization Experimentation infrastructure including tools for configuring and launching experiments, dashboard, live marketplace monitoring, and diagnosis.  We heavily use the recent advances in grid or cloud computing infrastructure to harness huge volume of data for solving many of the above mentioned problems. We love big data! The MPS team is a world-class R&D team of passionate and talented scientists and engineers who aspire to solve challenging problems and turn innovative ideas into high-quality products and services that can help hundreds of millions of users and advertisers, and directly impact our business. Our experimentation infrastructure allows us to innovate and test new algorithms rapidly with live traffic to measure their effectiveness, and launch them in production as soon as they produce positive results, which makes our work environment productive and rewarding. We are looking for an Applied Scientist or Machine Learning Scientist to incubate technologies from end to end to make product impact. The candidate will engage in high potential projects grounded in applications to improve our ad, query and web page understanding. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Outstanding expertise and hands-on1-3 years of experience on machine learning, deep learning, NLP, computer vision and/or statistics 1-3 years’ experience in software development Knowledge of C#, C++, Javaor Python with 1-3 years of experience MS/PhD degree in CS/EE or related areas is preferred Passionate, self-motivated Effective communication skills, both verbal and written Familiarity with distributed data processing/analysis and modeling paradigm, such as Map-Reduce and MPI is a plus Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. #BingAds# #Advertising# #WebXT#
Higginbotham has been honored as one of the Best Places to Work by Business Insurance, Best Companies to Work for in Texas by Texas Monthly, as well as other accolades for employment practices. The firm enjoys an employee retention rate that is higher than the industry and state averages—an indicator of our attractive employee culture and competitive employee benefits package and employee ownership opportunities.Paradigm Gilbert, a Higginbotham Company, with head offices in Fort Worth, Texas, is seeking an enthusiastic individual to add to our team, based out of Irvine, CA.We are a nationally acclaimed financial services firm providing financial planning to high-net-worth individuals and corporations, with a large focus of our business being life insurance. Our growth has created the need for an individual to prepare our sophisticated client presentations using insurance illustrations, combined with financial modelling, for our various selling strategies. An individual with a background in data science would be ideal. Skills : Highly proficient with entire Microsoft Office suiteExtensive command of Excel, including macros, pivot tables and advanced data analyticsBusiness financial modellingPrior experience within life insurance industry beneficialAble to prioritize and balance multiple projects effectively in a high volume, fast-paced environmentDetailed orientedTeam player, working well with othersQualifications : Bachelor’s degree Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Start Date: Immediate At TalentWerx, we are focused on partnering with America’s top companies to acquire new talent with speed, accuracy, and a differentiated pricing model. We pride ourselves in acquiring top talent to ensure our clients' competitive advantage. Our client for the Data Scientist position delivers scalable advanced analytic and technical solutions to a broad spectrum of commercial, Federal, Defense, and Intelligence customers. They strive to solve complex technical and analytic challenges for their customers with speed and precision. OVERVIEW Full-time/Permanent Employee Location: Springfield, VA Our client is currently seeking multiple TS/SCI Data Scientists to fill immediate openings located in Springfield, VA. The selected candidate should have extensive experience in a relative field such as quantitative methods, statistics, or analytic methodologies. The selected candidates may be required to deploy forward up to 10% of the time into operational areas or other remote sites. Responsibilities Responsible to support quantitative and qualitative integrated assessments of research questions across entire projects to assess the uncertainties (uncertainty includes work scope gaps, normal estimating, variability/error, and risk events) associated with integrated baseline activities and assists in the implementation of the risk mitigation actions Qualitative simulations may be performed to forecast an accurate and realistic project schedule to anticipate potential areas of high risk and uncertainty Perform advanced risk analysis across all government requirements, organizational missions, and activities Explores data sets and verifies data quality to gain an understanding of relevant data, then identifies differences in data distribution that could affect performance when deploying the machine learning model in an operational environment Identify data sets of machine learning tests and use cases Develops and tunes machine learning model’s hyper parameters Key Qualifications Clearance: Top Secret w/ SCI Function independently and can present/defend/communicate the results and ideas to key decision makers Proficient with deep learning frameworks, and extensive experience with programming languages such as Python, R, MS SQL, MySQL, NoSQL, MongoDB, Tableau, Hadoop, Spark, and basic libraries (such as scikit-learn and pandas) Experience in visualizing and manipulating big data sets, including leaflet, plotly, D3, and ggplot Familiar with Linux / Red Hat platforms, and proficient with OpenCV Demonstrated background in data mining and statistical analysis Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills Additional Qualifications Streaming device metadata understanding: Understand how to log and capture streaming device metadata Modeling familiarity: Ability to understand how to optimize datasets for use in computational models Network & Transport understanding: Should have an awareness of network architecture and ensuring low-latency database hookups and calls Graph Indexing: Ability to develop logical connections between disparate data via indexing in an efficient manner, and building/understanding graph algorithms to maximize value of retained data AWS familiarity: Ability to use and manage AWS instances as well as coding lambda functions (etc) to minimize expenditure while maximizing throughput TalentWerx is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
Affinity Solutions develops and delivers data-led intelligence platform solutions that use granular purchase signals from nearly 100,000 credit and debit cards, matched to third-party datasets, to help brand marketers, agencies, media organizations, and other enterprises deliver high impact experiences and results that provably grow their businesses and enrich consumers’ lives. Building on our foundation of innovative loyalty solutions for Financial Institutions and precision marketing for Retailers we’ve redefined data-driven consumer insights and marketing to make it highly personalized, engaging, and effective. Business/Data Analyst Affinity Solutions is seeking a smart, curious, technically savvy candidate to join our cutting-edge data science team. We hire the best and brightest and give them the opportunity to work on industry-leading technologies. The Data Science team at AFS build models and machine learning algorithms that power all our ad-tech/mar-tech products at scale, develop methodology and tools to precisely and effectively measure market campaign effects, and research in-house and public data sources for consumer spend behavior insights. In this role, you'll be focusing on the area of the consumer/retailer market insights. However, you'll also have the opportunity to come up with new ideas and solutions that will lead to improvement of our ability to target the right audience, derive insights and provide better measurement methodology for marketing campaigns. Duties and Responsibilities Provide analytical/statistical analysis and execution support to clients and internal stakeholders on insights hypothesis development, test and measurement design, insights discovery and reporting. Research, identify, compile and report anecdotal or systematic public and third party data sources (For example, Census business survey, MRTS, E-commerce data, National payment trends, consumer spend, retail store opening and closing data and retailer M&A etc.) to facilitate market and sales insights fact check and analysis. Develop strategy and provide analytical/statistical support for external data source evaluation, for modeling products and the third-party data QA. Assisting development and improvement of the company’s data balancing and paneling capabilities to support various use cases. Provide support to other analytical/statistical support for business initiatives as needed. Mine large consumer datasets in the cloud environment to support ad hoc business and statistical analysis, Develop and improve automation capabilities to enable customized delivery of the analytical products to clients, Communicate the methodologies and the results to the management, clients and non-technical stakeholders. Basic Qualifications Advanced degree in Statistics/Computer Science/Behavioral Economics or other fields that requires advanced training in data analytics. Being able to creatively apply statistical/ML concepts and reasoning to provide DS and analytical solutions to business problems. Familiarity with data manipulation concept and techniques such as imputing, cleansing and visualization. Excellent command of one or more ML/statistical tools, preferably Python or R or knowledge of a cloud based ML tool such as Sagemaker. Experience and comfortable working in the Cloud environment and familiar with one of the database technologies such as PostgreSQL, MySQL and at ease with SQL queries, Entrepreneurial, highly self-motivated, collaborative, keen attention to detail, willingness and capable learn quickly, and ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Being flexible to accept different task assignments and able to work on a tight time schedule. Great communication skills (verbal, written and presentation)  Preferred Qualifications Experience or exposure to large consumer and/or demographic data sets. Prior experience in retail market space and consumer behavior analysis Familiar with one of the visualization tools, such as tableau. As a full-time member of Affinity Solutions’ team, your benefits will begin on the first of the month following your date of employment, with a generous Affinity Solutions contribution for medical, dental, and vision. In addition to company paid holidays, wellness time off, other wellness benefits, and employee discounts, you will also get Affinity-paid life insurance and have the option to enroll into an Affinity-matched 401K Plan. We strongly encourage work/life balance by providing unlimited vacation days, available starting on your first day as a team member.
Summary Posted: May 6, 2020 Role Number:200169370 Apple is looking for ML/Deep Learning engineers to develop and integrate machine learning technologies for autonomous systems. You will work on a hardware/software product enabled by the ML technologies you build. Key Qualifications Develop features and models to improve the capabilities of large-scale Deep Learning-based systems. Scale up models, build training datasets and tune parameters to maximize system performance. Build software that improves your rate of experimentation and helps you make better decisions about what to try next. Work with the team to deploy models in a mission critical environment. Able to train and debug deep learning systems: Defining metrics and datasets, performing error analysis, training models in a modern DL framework (such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, etc.) Familiar with current DL literature and the math of machine learning: optimization methods, common types of models and layers, etc. Strong background in Python development with Linux. You write clean, correct code while iterating on experiments in Python. Ability to understand and contribute to C++-based software is a plus. Excellent communication skills. You collaborate effectively with other teams and communicate clearly about your work. Description Working with the team you’ll join a fantastic team of hardworking engineers and researchers with deep experience in robotics, machine learning, and software engineering. We hope you’re excited about the values that drive us: - Passion for the mission: We’re here to make something great. We take on whatever work is right for the product and strive for the best possible results. - Modesty: The right answer is more important than being right. We search for solutions as a team and value clear-eyed feedback. - Lean habits: You can’t grow without limits. Time constraints and big goals inspire us to sharpen our focus and learn to make great decisions. Education & Experience Bachelors, Masters, or PhD Degree in Computer Science/Machine Learning or equivalent professional experience.
If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account. Company Overview At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security.  Department Overview Motorola Solutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people’s lives. Our end-to-end suite of software solutions helps our customers answer thousands of emergency calls and text messages, and process video, disparate evidence and records. We are also proud to be industry leaders in video security solutions installed in more than 120 countries at thousands of customer sites, including school campuses, transportation systems, healthcare centers, public venues, critical infrastructure, prisons, factories, casinos, airports, financial institutions, government facilities, and retailers.   Our products leverage cutting edge voice technology, language models, natural language understanding, video analytics, and machine learning to enable our customers to focus on what matters while providing faster responses, safer outcomes and greater transparency. The candidate will join a talented team of scientists and engineers (located in Chicago, Boston, Vancouver and Krakow, Poland) in the Chief Technology Office at Motorola Solutions working on developing mission-critical AI solutions for our public safety and commercial customers. Our mission is to provide meaningful value to MSI’s customers by developing domain-specific applications and services in the areas of Speech & Audio, Machine Translation, Natural Language Understanding and Computer Vision.  Job Description We are looking for a passionate and talented machine learning engineer with a particular interest in working on speech and audio technology. As part of our Speech & Audio team you will work alongside scientists and engineers to implement, deploy and maintain systems that will directly impact users in the public safety and commercial domains in the form of products and services that make use of speech and audio technology. This role requires skills in working with both science and engineering tools and environments to train models and realize them in working demonstrations and production. More specifically this involves: Implementing and improving our audio pipelines for training, inference and evaluation. Developing modeling tools, training recipes and prototypes utilizing programming skills in Python. Conducting experiments to assess the quality of speech recognition and natural language processing models and to study the effectiveness of different modeling techniques. Analyzing field data in order to identify areas of possible improvement or enhancement of the system. Presenting and discussing ideas and results within the team and with internal stakeholders (product/project management, engineering etc.). Writing technical documentation. As part of the team, you will implement and optimize novel machine learning algorithms for sound classification, speech recognition and audio context understanding. Our team is involved in the entire machine learning life cycle – from data collection, model development to inference and deployment, bringing with it unique opportunities to develop new holistic ideas in the domain and deliver a better experience for our customers. We’re excited about the work we are doing in AI. We often describe it as “Mission Critical AI” because our approach is founded on our many years of Public Safety experience and knowledge. We know the mission-critical needs of our customers are unique and different from the consumer technologies that leverage AI today. Required Skills: Graduate degree (Masters or PhD) in Computer Science, Engineering or a relevant field Strong scripting and programming skills in Python Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design, complexity analysis, data structures, problem solving and diagnosis Experience with Unix/Linux and basic knowledge of networking fundamentals Experience with Docker and/or Kubernetes deployments Good analytical and problem solving skills Dependable written and oral communication skills (English) Desired Skills: Experience (industry or academic) in building speech recognition and natural language processing systems. Knowledge in audio digital signal processing and speech processing. Be an avid programmer, with extensive expertise in Python or C/C++ Practical experience implementing Machine Learning systems (specific experience with deep learning and using Tensorflow and/or PyTorch and/or Kaldi would be a plus) Activity in the Open Source community is a strong plus  Basic Requirements Graduate degree (Masters or PhD) in Computer Science, Engineering or a relevant field plus 1+ years of experience  Travel Requirements None  Relocation Provided None  Position Type Experienced  Referral Payment Plan Yes Our U.S. Benefits include: Incentive Bonus Plans Medical, Dental, Vision benefits effective Day 1 401K with Company Match and Day 1 vesting 9 Paid Holidays Generous Paid Time Off Packages Employee Stock Purchase Plan Paid Parental & Family Leave and more!  EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic.
Introduction At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, let's talk.  Your Role and Responsibilities This job role will be a blended position as a Client Partner Executive and Data Scientist. The Client Partner Executive role constructs partnerships between clients, vendors, and subcontractor organizations and manages the implementation of these partnerships to address business opportunities. The Data Scientist role helps clients transform by using data to identify business opportunities to driving efficiencies and service improvements.  Responsibilities include:   Responsible to deliver all contractual obligations to clients and maintain a positive business control posture.  Accountable for meeting revenue, profit, sales growth, delivery, and for improving overall customer satisfaction.  Responsible to build and maintain strong client relationships at all levels with the objective of being a trusted business partner.  Applies data strategies and analytics to identify opportunities for optimization, service improvements, and transformation opportunities.   Applies account knowledge and uses data to establish and implement an Account Strategy that includes delivery of IBM Services and account growth.  Proactively work with clients to identify their business and IT challenges, objectives, priorities, directions and critical success factors.  Translate customer requirements into formal agreements, establishing specific solutions, and leading the efforts that culminate in client acceptance of the results.  Have overall responsibility for their contractual cost, schedule, and contractual deliverables. Develop data governance and dashboards that result in business insights and proactive actions to enhance the client’s business and user experiences.   Manage cross functional resources and coordinate client resources to deliver services and solutions to support the client organization.  Skills / Environment:  Communication/Negotiation: Teamwork and client facing experience. Plan and conduct client negotiations.   Problem Solving: Anticipate, create, and define innovative and visionary concepts in strategic environment. Leverage data to enhance ability to solve complex business problems and drive insights.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  Experience implementing data models and driving outcomes.   Contribution/Leadership: Develops and implements business and technology strategies with executive review. Has vision of overall strategies. Contributes to policy making. Accountable for business unit projects or programs. Responsible for committing multiple resources and achieving customer satisfaction, cost, expense, revenue and other business measurements of critical importance. Responsible for quality output/value add for highly visible products, services and future business development.  Preferred Technical and Professional Experience Business needs may require, handling multiple tasks concurrently, and easily adapting to new assignments, system, tools; produce clear, concise, accurate written communication, clearly conveying thoughts and ideas to peers, management, and customers; establish and maintain positive work relationships with peers, management, and customers, displaying willingness to understand diverse points of view; learn and apply new equipment and tools within an acceptable timeframe; and assume ownership of assignments, completing commitments on time.  Required Education Bachelor's Degree  Preferred Education Master's Degree Required Technical and Professional Expertise Adaptable and flexible to work environment including, but not limited to, out of town travel as required to meet business commitments.  Recognized for business acumen by the customer set they support.   Leads a functional/business unit.   Background in multi cloud sales and consulting engagements. Recognized as an expert and leader by members of a field, related functions, and multi -country organizations. Leads business unit, country, or international teams, conducts special projects, or manages functions or strategic departments.  Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise Business needs may require, handling multiple tasks concurrently, and easily adapting to new assignments, system, tools; produce clear, concise, accurate written communication, clearly conveying thoughts and ideas to peers, management, and customers; establish and maintain positive work relationships with peers, management, and customers, displaying willingness to understand diverse points of view; learn and apply new equipment and tools within an acceptable timeframe; and assume ownership of assignments, completing commitments on time.  About Business UnitThis position currently sits within Global Technology Services (GTS) Infrastructure Services (IS) or a shared services function supporting GTS.  As announced in October 2020, IBM intends that its managed infrastructure services business of the GTS organization will become an independent company named Kyndryl by the end of 2021, creating two distinct and powerful market-leading companies.  Together, we will advance the vital systems that power the digital economy. Serving over 4,600 technology-intensive, highly regulated customers, including over 75% of the Fortune 100, our people will design, run, and manage the most modern and reliable technology infrastructure that the world depends on today.  We will work flexibly and in partnership with our customers to amplify business outcomes while always pushing ourselves to improve and meet all opportunities. Come join our team of diverse, devoted, and empathetic technology experts who are at the center of discovering what’s next.  Please note: The final decision if this position will transition from IBM to Kyndryl is yet to be confirmed.  Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?  Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.  Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.  About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.  Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:   12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.   We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.  IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.  Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Primary Location: 6305 Peachtree Dunwoody Rd, Atlanta, GA, USA Division: Cox Communications Job Level: Individual Contributor Travel: No Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Requisition Number: 214691 Identify, research, interpret, catalog, source, manipulate, and enrich Cox Communications structured and unstructured data assets to facilitate effective analytics. Use foundational data science methodologies to identify relationships/drivers of key metrics to improve customer experience, network performance, quality of service, profitability of products, and personalized offerings. Build and maintain processes and functionalities for analytics solution needs and transfer of solutions to partner teams. Prepare documentation and visualizations. Test new technologies, tools, and data. Keep up-to-date on new technologies, standards and practices. Qualifications: Expertise in (at least one) SQL language and Python. Experience with writing complex programs in these environments. Strong programming skills and ability to utilize a variety of software/languages/tools; e.g., Spark, R, Python, Scala, Java, C++, Hadoop, Hive, SQL, SAS, Tableau, etc. Familiarity with TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, MXNet, Spark MLlib. Understanding of the mathematical and computational concepts behind advanced analytics algorithms. Understanding cloud environments such as Google, Microsoft, or Amazon. Understanding of one of the following core domains: customer care, network, field services, finance, business operations. Strong communication skills. Ability to successfully comprehend and communicate business insights. Ability to work in a diverse team. Preferred: Graduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering or closely related field. Ph.D. strongly preferred. Experience in data visualization solutions and data visualization. Who We Are About Cox Communications Cox Communications is committed to creating meaningful moments of human connection through broadband applications and services. The largest private telecom company in America, we proudly serve six million homes and businesses across 18 states. Were dedicated to empowering others to build a better future and celebrate diverse products, people, suppliers, communities and the characteristics that makes each one unique. About Cox We are the Cox family of businesses. Weve been making our mark since 1898 by building and evolving world-class businesses, staying true to our values, and encouraging top talent to always look for growth and impact while building a career with us. Our primary divisions - Cox Communications and Cox Automotive - are driving a new wave of innovation, powering smart cities with powerhouse broadband communications and pioneering greener, more progressive transportation alternatives for individuals and fleet operators. Were also expanding into new spaces like cleantech and healthcare to rev up our momentum toward building a better future for the next generation. Were looking for the talent today who will be our leaders tomorrow. Sound intriguing? Learn more about where we are today, where we hope youll be going with us, and the common purpose that unites us at coxenterprises.com. Benefits of working at Cox may include health care insurance (medical, dental, vision), retirement planning (401(k)), and paid days off (sick leave, parental leave, flexible vacation/wellness days, and/or PTO). For more details on what benefits you may be offered, visit our benefits page. Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individuals age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law. Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.
Description Introduction Do you want to join an organization that invests in you as a(an) Statistical Programmer? At Sarah Cannon, you come first. HCA Healthcare has committed up to $300 million in programs to support our incredible team members over the course of three years. Benefits At Sarah Cannon, we want to ensure your needs are met. We offer eligible colleagues an attractive benefit package that includes medical, wellbeing, dental and vision benefits along with some unique benefits including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Flexible Spending Paid Time Off (PTO) and Personal Leave 401K (100% annual match - 3% to 9% of pay based on years of service) Academic Assistance and Reimbursements for Tuition and Student Loans Employee Discounts including Tickets, Retail, Mental Health Apps, Education Apps, Identity Theft Protection etc. Home, Auto, and Pet Insurance Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) Short Term & Long Term Disability coverage Adoption Assistance Legal Benefits and lots more! Learn more about Employee Benefits You contribute to our success. Every role has an impact on our patients’ lives and you have the opportunity to make a difference. We are looking for a dedicated Statistical Programmer like you to be a part of our team. Job Summary and Qualifications Summary of Position: This position is responsible for statistical programming of Sarah Cannon clinical trials data. Duties and Responsibilities: You are responsible for the translation of the SAP into programming specifications for analysis data model (ADaM) datasets, creating and reviewing annotated CRF to SDTM datasets You will review and provide input on key study-related documents produced by other functions, such as case report forms, data management plans, statistical analysis plans, and TFL specifications You are responsible for the development, review, validation, and execution of SAS programs to generate standard (SDTM and ADaM) and non-standard (custom study specific) datasets as defined in specifications documents You are responsible for the development, review, validation, and execution of SAS programs to generate presentation-ready outputs (i.e., Tables, Figures, and Listings), as defined in the statistical analysis plan You will program the integration of databases from multiple studies or sources You are responsible for accuracy and reliability of results. Builds and monitors quality in every aspect of job activities For this position, you must have: Bachelor’s College Degree (4 year program) 1-3 years of statistical programming in a clinical trial environment (i.e. pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and/or contract research organization industries) Experience programming and reporting with Base SAS, SAS/Macro, SAS/STAT, SAS Language, SAS/ODS and SAS/Graph It is preferred that you have: Master’s Degree (1-2 year program) Understanding of FDA/ICH guidelines Experience with industry data standards, such as CDISC/SDTM, ADaM data models. Strong knowledge in the creation/production of tables, figures and listings (TFLs) Oncology experience Sarah Cannon is the Cancer Institute of HCA Healthcare. We offer integrated cancer services with easy access to cutting-edge therapies for communities across the United States and United Kingdom. Sarah Cannon’s cancer programs include individualized patient navigation. Our nurses are oncology-trained. More than 1,200 stem cell transplants are performed yearly within the Sarah Cannon Blood Cancer Network. Through its services, Sarah Cannon provides state-of-the-art cancer care for hundreds of thousands of patients. Our cancer experts are collaborating and sharing best practices. We address every aspect of the cancer journey, from screening and diagnosis through treatment and survivorship. HCA Healthcare has been named one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Institute for over a decade. In recent years, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.7 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses. "Good people beget good people."- Dr. Thomas Frist, Sr. HCA Healthcare Co-Founder We are a family 270,000 dedicated professionals! Our Talent Acquisition team is reviewing applications for our Statistical Programmer opening. Qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews. Submit your resume today to join our community of caring! We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
AI Ops Engineer - Digital Health Cambridge UK, Gothenburg SWE, Gaithersburg US Competitive Salary + Benefits Make a more meaningful impact to patients’ lives around the globe Here you’ll have the chance to create a meaningful difference to patients’ lives. With science at its heart, this is the place where breakthroughs born in the lab become transformative medicines – for the world’s most sophisticated diseases. Answer unmet medical needs by pioneering the next wave of science, focusing on outcomes and crafting the patient ecosystem. With our ground-breaking pipeline, the outlook is forward-thinking. Be proud to be part of a place that has achieved so much, yet is still moving forward. There’s no better time to join our global, growing enterprise as we own the way for healthcare and society A place that’s investing in the newest technology, data and innovative ways of working. Here you’ll be backed with everything you need to be at the forefront of digitising our organisation. Whether that’s working on the leading-edge, defining the future of Pharma or upskilling yourself in our Digital and Data Academy. Responsibilities We work on a flexible and varied portfolio of challenges that include, but are not limited to: Enabling Digital Health by developing an ecosystem of data science capabilities for improved clinical trial design, execution and monitoring that includes remote monitoring, telemedicine, medical and wearable devices to augment trials Researching and developing data science algorithms using high-frequency data generated from trials to achieve goals on patient centricity and improved clinical trial design/execution Developing and implementing end-to-end automation and integration of our algorithms in products using state-of-the-art serverless architectures in cloud platforms such as AWS Supporting individual therapeutic areas and study teams solve varied challenges using statistics, data sciences and machine learning These challenges will require you to: Deliver data science and ML software models and components that solve real-world business problems, while working in collaboration with the Product and Data Science teams. In collaboration with relevant IT functions, establish an integration framework incl. patterns and standards for the future landscape that forms the foundation for effective integration that supports/enables continued digital transformation Promote, advocate and lead initiatives to help data science delivery innovative solutions to internal projects and products through technology integration Help encourage transformation management through mentoring and training of data science teams on standard IT/computer science practices for platform and product delivery Early engagement with the data science team to conceptualise and build blue-prints for product and platform deliveries that drive value for AstraZeneca Own, support and manage data science solution deliveries that meet the identified business needs and meet required quality standards and non-functional requirements. Clearly and objectively communicate results, as well as their associated uncertainties and limitations Constructively collaborate with a diverse set of users (global functions and local marketing companies) and partners enabling effective consensus, conflict resolution and alignment to project goals Review and develop working practices to ensure that data science work is delivered to robust quality standards Essential: PhD/MS in computer science, computer engineering or a related computational field. Applicants with a PhD in a computer science subject area who also have shown experience in data science integration and delivery are encouraged to apply. Deep practical experience in AWS, cloud infrastructure and architecture development, management and delivery, with experience in integration architect on large scale transformation projects working with architecture design in a variety of sophisticated situations, A self-starter with high level of drive, energy, resilience with well-developed communication and facilitation skills with the ability to interpret and communicate technical information into business language at all levels of leadership Technical skills to serve as the foundation for cloud architecture planning and management, including basic programming, software development and continuous integration, continuous deployment (CICD), database, networking, security skills, etc. Experience implementing cloud patterns including PaaS and IaaS, containers, microservices/API-driven and event-led application design preferred. Container technologies including but not limited to Docker, Kubernetes, Serverless preferred. API management patterns w/ MuleSoft preferred. Desirable: Experience administering enterprise software development and deployment processes, including CI/CD and version control. Ability to design secure and robust server and network architecture. Experience integrating with SQL server, ETL processes, feeds, and other data sources. High proficiency in hands-on computer programming in Python or R Excellent written and verbal communication, business analysis, and consultancy skills Customer focus - dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers Integrity and trust - unwavering dedication to "doing the right thing" Why we love it If your passion is science and you want to be part of a team that makes a bigger impact on patients’ lives, then there’s no better place to be. Here we truly understand science and apply it every day to strengthen and grow our pipeline. So, what’s next? Are you already imagining yourself joining our team? Good, because we can’t wait to hear from you. Are you ready to bring new ideas and fresh thinking to the table? Brilliant! We have one seat available and we hope it’s yours. We open this role from (Day, Month, Year) and welcome with your application no later than (Day, Month, Year) Where can I find out more? Our Social Media, Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/ Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/ Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en *If you have site, country or departmental social media then feel free to switch any of the above links*.
The Cottage Health Research Institute (CHRI) is seeking an experienced Statistician to join thier team. CHRI is an integral part of Cottage Health. For more than 20 years, CHRI has offered consultation, liaison, and administrative resources to researchers to support the translation of clinical and academic research and graduate and post graduate training for future physicians and other healthcare professionals. Our medical staff is composed of more than 700 world-renowned clinicians who conduct research and see patients, the ideal formula for discovery and its translation into cures. In addition, our unique academic relationship with the University of California Santa Barbara (UCSB) strengthens our ability to further deliver on unique Bioengineering and Material Sciences technology opportunities that benefit patients within our community. Location of Position: Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital - 400 W. Pueblo St, Santa Barbara, CA This position is on-site and is not eligible for remote work at this time. JOB PURPOSE Under the general supervision of the Director of Research Business Development, provides statistical (technical and analytical) support to individuals interested in conducting research, evidence based practice, or quality initiatives. Responsible for the review and assessment of technical research protocols, providing guidance and assistance to investigators in regards to study development and the preparation of research proposals. Assesses proposed ideas for quality improvement, evidence based practice, and research projects, assisting with their development in order to meet the desired goals of the project, simultaneously helping to ensure that appropriate clearances and approvals are granted prior to project initiation. Provides technical assistance to the institution as needed, including special projects, as assigned. LEVEL OF EDUCATION Minimum: Master's degree in scientific or technical field, with emphasis in statistics. Preferred: Master's degree in statistics. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS Minimum: Familiarity with analytical statistics and research methodology. Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of the research process and protocol development and approval. Proficient with MS Excel and statistical programs/databases. Excellent communication and writing skills. Preferred: In addition to the above requirements, highly proficient with statistical programs/databases. Database programming experience, use of Excel pivot tables, and experience with REDCap is highly desirable. Working knowledge of scientific and medical concepts/terminology. YEARS OF RELATED WORK EXPERIENCE Minimum: One year of experience as an analyst in a research environment. Preferred: One or more years of experience as a biostatistician, statistical analyst, or technical project development specialist.
Introduction As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.  Your Role and Responsibilities We live in a moment of remarkable change and opportunity. The convergence of data and technology is transforming industries and society. IBM Digital Workplace Engineering plays a key role in developing and supporting IBM’s technology to be digital ready.  The current opportunity is a role with the Global HR IT team who promote a fresh and energetic approach to innovation, creativity and solution architecture within the CIO. We heavily use advanced technology such as AI and ML (machine learning) and keep on pushing the boundaries. An approach that is borne out by many active projects within our team that have yielded several success stories to date. The principles of collaboration, knowledge sharing, and leadership are promoted within our team and are the foundations that enable motivated individuals with diverse skills to function as part of a highly productive and innovative team.  Key Responsibilities: IBM is innovating rapidly in the HR space and our group is helping IBM achieve that goal by doing creative and innovative work. We are currently looking for a suitable candidate to be part of an innovative and ambitious team with  Responsibilities including: Identify and propose new use cases Break those use cases down into discrete MVPs (minimal viable product) Work in code notebooks Build & validate models Deploy models via APIs into applications or workflows Monitor & retrain models Use code repositories to version and share code/notebooks Visualize the output of their data story in a way that is consumable by all LOCATION: Must be within 50 miles of Southbury, CT (This is NOT a remote position)  Required Technical and Professional Expertise  Bachelor's Degree in statistics, math, computer science, or data science Solid experience with Watson Studio and IBM Cloud (Cloud Pak for Data) Solid experience in using Python numerical and scientific libraries like numPy and sciPy. Outstanding expertise and hands-on experience on machine learning algorithms Experience of incorporating ML & AI concepts into product/service solutions with a focus on deep learning. 1+ year of experience working with Machine Learning pipeline - data ingestion, feature engineering, modeling including ensemble methods, predicting, explaining, deploying and diagnosing ML models. Experience working with offering managers and product teams Experience in sharing data science/machine learning experiment results with both technical and business-oriented people. Innovative mindset and an ability to take calculated risks with a fall back plan in the back pocket. Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise  none About Business UnitIBM’s Digital Workplace Engineering team is focused on engineering tools and applications IBMers need to be effective. Through a family of apps and services, we’re building an environment which is constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to push the limits on productivity and collaboration. We are well-positioned to deliver the next chapter of the digital workplace, leveraging expertise in cloud, security, and scale.  Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.  Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.  It's time to define your career.  About IBMIBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. IBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.  Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we're also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business.  At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it's time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.  Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:   12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.   We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.  IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.  Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Career Category Information Systems Job Description We are seeking a Data Scientist to join our team to develop an insight driven sensing capability with a focus on revolutionizing decision making. As part of this role you will be solving big data problems and developing insights as part of a product team of data scientists, business analysts, and software engineers. The team will rely on your expertise in data science to build this visionary new capability for Amgen. Core Responsibilities for the Role: Build supervised and unsupervised algorithms to provide meaningful insights across Amgen’s value chain (R&D, Commercial, Operations) Work closely with machine learning engineers to develop production code and deliver end-to-end solutions Transform ambiguous business questions into measurable and impactful projects Collaborate cross-functionally with teams of biologists, clinical experts, doctors, and commercial leads Translate complex problems and solutions and provide actionable insight to executives Serve as technical lead on projects and mentor junior and experienced data scientists Help further build the team, including contributing ideas, establishing best practices, following trends in industry and academia Basic Qualifications Advanced degree in a quantitative field (MS, PhD, or equivalent experience) 3+ year of industry experience in quantitative analytics and applied data science Strong proficiency in Python Extensive experience building a variety of machine learning models Experience writing SQL queries, mining large and imbalanced datasets, using data visualization tools Ability to translate complex data sets and research into simple business recommendations Excellent communicator able to write and speak about technical concepts to business, technical, and lay audiences Preferred Qualifications Experience working with healthcare data (e.g. electronic medical records, claims) Experience with distributed (Spark, Dask) and cloud (AWS, GCP) computing Experience with Git or similar version control tool Experience building deep learning models Full stack experience with building and deploying modeling pipelines .
Job Title: Anti-Financial Crime Model Validator Corporate Title: Assistant Vice President Location: New York, NY Overview In an ever-more complex world, financial crime risks is the biggest the risk to global economy, it has catastrophic impact on businesses, communities, and individuals. The techniques used by criminals are getting sophisticated, and so is the need for innovation, and sophistication of the tools and models used to identify and prevent such crime. We are looking for a candidate to solve “hard to solve” problems associated with financial crimes and fraud detection. You will be tasked to validate the models used to detect fraudulent, suspicious behavior, or transactions. This will involve good understanding of regular expression, concept search, phonetics, behavioral economics, formal language, network theory, set theory, combinatorics, and optimization. What We Offer You: We offer competitive health and wellness benefits, empowering you to value life in and out of the office Retirement savings plans, parental leave, and other family-friendly programs An environment that encourages networking and collaboration across functions and businesses Active engagement with the local community through Deutsche Bank’s specialized employee groups Hear from our people and look inside our office: DB@The Muse Your Key Responsibilities: You will be responsible for validating anti-financial crime (AFC) models provide effective challenge to weed out model risk issues Write model validation reports and develop model validation automation libraries in R or Python Develop independent challenger and benchmark models Define the validation scope, and maintain model validation key operating procedures Run workshops with the 1st line of defense and help run quality assurance model validation reports Assist with model risk team including model risk policy, inventory, project management, and help guide junior team members on model validations Your Skills and Experience: Master’s degree in computational science, engineering, hard sciences, computational linguistics, applied mathematics, physics, behavioral sciences, PhD would be a plus Experience in development and/or validating probabilistic models, Bayesian models, decision trees, random forest, ensemble models, neural networks, PCA/PCR, logistic/linear regression, linear / non-linear optimization, support vector machines Previous experience in Fraud Detection, Hate Speech, SPAM filter model, cryptography, phonetics, concept search, fuzzy logic, approximate string matching Programing skills such as R, Python, TensorFlow, SQL, PyTorch, Theano Advanced skills in regular expression (grep, grepl), formal language theory, automata theory, network theory, phonetics Our values define the working environment we strive to create - diverse, supportive and welcoming of different views. We embrace a culture reflecting a variety of perspectives, insights and backgrounds to drive innovation. We build talented and diverse teams to drive business results and encourage our people to develop to their full potential. Talk to us about flexible work arrangements and other initiatives we offer.  We promote good working relationships and encourage high standards of conduct and work performance. We welcome applications from talented people from all cultures, countries, races, genders, sexual orientations, disabilities, beliefs and generations and are committed to providing a working environment free from harassment, discrimination and retaliation.   Click here to find out more about diversity and inclusion.    We are an Equal Opportunity Employer - Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. Click these links to view the following notices: "EEO is the Law poster" and supplement ; Employee Rights and Responsibilities under the Family and Medical Leave Act ; Employee Polygraph Protection Act and Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision .
Responsibilities UCLA's Jonssson Comprehensive Cancer Center is a multidisciplinary matrix organization at UCLA and an integral member of a network of 69 comprehensive cancer centers through the United States that are mandated by federal legislation and supported by the National Cancer Institute. The UCLA Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center has been designated “comprehensive” by the National Cancer Institute since 1976. The NCI granted UCLA gold-star comprehensive status for maintaining the highest standards of excellence in research, education and patient care.  The newly formed Cancer Data Sciences group at the UCLA David Geffen School of Medicine and UCLA Jonsson Cancer Centre is seeking a Scientific Research Associate. The successful candidate will have at least 15 years experience as a senior scientific research associate or laboratory manager, or equivalent, focused on cancer genomics and functional biology. They will have experience setting up new research laboratories, including coordinating initial health & safety and procurement, as well as hiring and training of new staff. They will be working with a broad team of quantitative analysts, including Statisticians, Data Scientists, Clinical and Basic trainees, and other bioinformaticians. They will drive the generation of large molecular and imaging datasets of very high quality and using a mixture of established and novel strategies. They will also coordinate the molecular and functional validation of key results from large-scale data science studies, providing key links to support deeper insight into function and mechanism. They will be passionate about generating high-quality results, with a careful approach that identifies potential confounders and sources of error, and a track record of reproducible results and scientific publication. This will entail working with closely and collaboratively with many others, ranging from trainees to technical staff to local and international collaborating faculty to vendors. In this internal- and external-facing role, it will be key that the successful candidate has a clear focus on training the next-generation of talented scientists at all levels, and serves as a role model for professional scientific interactions. In addition to strong laboratory experience, this role requires a strong background in biology (PhD anticipated) to help ensure the right questions are asked, but linked to strong technical and personal communication skills, to help ensure insights are broadly adopted and appropriate experiments are performed. The successful candidate will be helping us perform research that will transform the lives of cancer patients.  Your responsibilities will be to use your biological and laboratory skills to establish the wet-lab component of UCLA's new Cancer Data Sciences group, building out the physical space, equipment, procurement, protocols, sample banking, driver studies and training. This work will focus across a range of cancer types and experimental data-types, ranging from cell culture models to primary patient samples. You will typically have several different projects or components thereof underway at the same time, and will work closely with our colleagues in the UCLA Jonsson Cancer Centre Genomics Core, the UCLA Institute for Precision Health and the UCLA Institute for Urologic Oncology, amongst many others. The successful candidate will be integrally involved in the hiring of new team members, and directly supporting their training and on-boarding. The successful candidate will also serve as a key external-facing voice with vendors, including negotiating contracts and interacting with the appropriate groups throughout UCLA to ensure timely project completion and meeting of all local, national and international guidelines and procedures. Prior experience working in the wet-lab component of a large cancer data science group would be considered a key asset. Qualifications Required: Working knowledge of R, Perl or Python programming. Understanding of molecular biology. Strong verbal, interpersonal, and written communication skills. Basic univariate and probabilistic statistical understanding. Knowledge of LINUX/Unix operating system, and source-code versioning systems. Applied experience with NGS, proteomics or radiomic data (>1 year).  Preferred: Experience with applied machine-learning (e.g. hyperparameter optimization). Working knowledge of containerization (e.g. Docker, Singularity). Data Visualization experience. Computer science knowledge, including software design patterns. Knowledge of relational database software (e.g. Oracle, Postgres). Master’s or PhD Training in Computational Biology, Computer Science, Biostatistics or a related discipline. Skill in keeping accurate and organized experimental records. Skill in analyzing, developing and adapting established experimental methods to specific research needs. Knowledge of basic statistical methods to be able to compute ratios, percentages and to summarize data using graphs. Working knowledge of experimental designs. Proficiency in maintaining a lab notebook. Skill in analyzing scientific data. Skill in developing and conducting scientific studies. Ability to coordinate and negotiate contracts for the purchase, maintenance and repair of laboratory equipment. Ability to maintain inventory of chemicals and laboratory equipment. Knowledge of and ability to control safe and efficient use of laboratory equipment, supplies and space. Skill in maintaining laboratory equipment and in seeking qualified assistance when necessary. Ability to instruct new and continuing laboratory personnel in experimental procedures and in the use of facilities and equipment. Ability to search relevant publications and information. Ability to develop or learn new techniques. Abilities to resolve complex experimental issues to implement long range plans. Skill in setting priorities when there are deadline pressures, competing requirements, and heavy workloads. Skill in performing a variety of duties, changing from a duty/task to another of a different nature. Skill in managing research lab staff. Ability to follow instructions. Ability to give a presentation in Lab. Ability to maintain confidentiality of records and information. Ability to detect and correct grammatical and spelling errors in written correspondence. Ability to maintain files accurately, in paper and in software programs. Ability to effectively supervise personnel and complete all associated personnel actions in a timely and accurate manner. Ability to assist students/ technicians in the use of laboratory instruments and equipment. Ability to effectively operate a chemistry laboratory and direct student employees. Ability to interact professionally with individuals of diverse backgrounds and educational levels. Ability to work cooperatively with other personnel. Preparation of manuscripts for publication into scientific journals. Ability to effectively communicate verbally and in writing. Ability to interact in an effective and appropriate manner with diverse populations, the University community and the public. UCLA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
JOB DESCRIPTION PPD is a leading global contract research organization. At PPD we are passionate, deliberate, and driven by our purpose - to improve health. PPD Laboratories offers the most comprehensive set of laboratory services available in the industry and continues to deliver innovative solutions to our clients through our collaborative approach, including PPD® Laboratories FSP. PPD® Laboratories FSP is a unique partnership that allows our clients to leverage the experience of our PPD staff, while allowing you, the employee, to gain direct experience working onsite at a pharmaceutical/ biopharmaceutical company, all while maintaining full-time benefits/advantages of being a part of PPD. Job Purpose As an Associate Project Manager in this role you will contribute to internal and external development of the Client's specialty drug products and/or development of Strategic External Development's (SED)’s internal processes. Key Responsibilities • This role will provide you the opportunity to coordinate and support key product development activities while gaining knowledge of biopharma product development. These responsibilities include some of the following: Assist SED workstream leaders and technical teams to coordinate and facilitate project deliverables by:Scheduling CMC matrix/workstream/technical meetingsPreparing meeting agendaIssuing minutes, tracking decisions and action itemsFollowing up on action items to ensure completion through collaboration with SMEsProject resource planning and reporting of project forecasts and actuals through internal planning systems (i.e. IRM, ET, Spotfire dashboards)Maintain detailed CMC dashboard to support SED visibility into program timelines, deliverables and risk profilesManage OneNote as source for project informationTrack detailed technical deliverables and provide outlook on future deliverablesTrack submission source documents, including data verification and upload into VQDManage the submission of shipping requests, collate appropriate documentation to support shipments and track R&D shipments of samples, CTM and other time sensitive materialsCommunicate with key business partners (internal and external) to ensure accurate and up to date information is maintained for program deliveryProvide regular (weekly/biweekly) project communications with Clin Ops regarding key clinically meaningful data (CoA’s stability updates etc)Liaise with SED Business Operations to ensure purchase orders and invoices are up to date PPD Defining Principles: - We have a strong will to win - We earn our customer’s trust - We are gamechangers - We do the right thing -We are one PPD - If you resonate with our five principles above, and ultimately wish to accelerate the delivery of safe and effective therapeutics for some of the world’s most urgent health needs, then please submit your application – we’d love to hear from you  PPDFSP LI-SW1 Job Qualification Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree in a Science related field or equivalent and relevant formal academic / vocational qualification Previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable to 0 to 2 years’) or equivalent combination of education, training, & experience.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Good organizational skills with the ability to adapt and adjust to changing priorities and to manage multiple assignments with challenging/conflicting deadlines At least 1 year of experience working in a pharmaceutical or CRO industry position is required. At least 1 year of GMP experience is strongly preferred Critical thinking skills to identify and solve problems. Excellent oral and written communication skills for effectively interfacing with all levels of management and departments within the company and external partner sites. Strong organizational skills in order to maintain a high level of productivity and setting priorities in order to complete assignments in a timely manner. Exhibits high initiative, strong drive and follow-through. Effective project management and organizational skills Good computer skills Strong attention to detail and problem solving skills Good written and verbal communication skills Ability to effectively conduct oral presentations Demonstrated experience in identification and resolution of technical problems in a professional environment Ability to maintain a high degree of confidentiality with clinical teams Ability to attain, maintain and apply a working knowledge of applicable procedural documents Demonstrated positive attitude, enthusiasm toward work, and the ability to work well with others  Working Environment: PPD values the health and wellbeing of our employees. We support and encourage individuals to create a healthy and balanced environment where they can thrive. Below is listed the working environment/requirements for this role: Able to communicate, receive, and understand information and ideas with diverse groups of people in a comprehensible and reasonable manner. Able to work upright and stationary for typical working hours. Ability to use and learn standard office equipment and technology with proficiency. Able to perform successfully under pressure while prioritizing and handling multiple projects or activities. May require travel. (Recruiter will provide more details.) Diversity Statement PPD is proud to be an affirmative action employer that values diversity as a strength and fosters an environment of mutual respect. PPD is committed to providing equal employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, pregnancy, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status or status within any other protected group.
The Department of Computer Science and Engineering at UC Merced seeks applicants for a tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor level beginning on January 1, 2022 or July 1, 2022. Priority will be given to candidates in the areas of: Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning. However, exceptional candidates in all areas will be considered. The Department seeks candidates who demonstrate both a record of outstanding scholarship and contributions to diversity, equity, and inclusion. We are particularly interested in attracting candidates who can contribute to the growing diversity and excellence of the community through their teaching, scholarship, and service. The position will remain open until filled. However, to ensure consideration, applications should be received by September 15, 2021. Applications will be submitted via https://aprecruit.ucmerced.edu/JPF01181. Starting dates are negotiable. Inquiries and questions should be sent to csesearch@ucmerced.edu.  Qualifications Basic qualifications A doctoral degree (must be conferred by Dec. 31, 2021) in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering or a related field is required at time of employment. Preferred qualifications Applicants should have a distinguished academic record, an exceptional potential to conduct world-class research in a collaborative environment, and a strong commitment to teaching at both the undergraduate and graduate levels.  Application Requirements Document requirements Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V. Cover Letter  Statement of Research  Statement of Teaching  Statement on Contributions to Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion - Statement on your contributions to equity, diversity, and inclusion, including information about your understanding of these topics, your record of activities to date, and your specific plans and goals for advancing equity and inclusion. Please review the UC Merced Diversity Statement Guidelines and UC’s Commitment to Diversity Reference requirements 3 letters of reference required Apply link: https://aprecruit.ucmerced.edu/JPF01181  Help contact: soe-deptspecialist@ucmerced.edu  Campus Information The University of California is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and invites applications from all qualified applicants, including women, minorities, veterans, and individual with disabilities, who will enrich the teaching, research and public service missions of the university. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status. For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy, see: UC Nondiscrimination & Affirmative Action Policy (https://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/DiscHarassAffirmAction). The University of California, Merced, is the newest of the University of California system’s 10 campuses. With 8,500 undergraduate and graduate students (https://www.ucmerced.edu/fast-facts), UC Merced provides outstanding educational opportunities to highly qualified students from the heart of California, the nation, and abroad. The campus has special connections to nearby Yosemite National Park; is on the cutting edge of sustainability in construction and design; and supports the economic development of Central California. The Merced 2020 Project doubled the physical capacity of the campus, and enhanced academic distinction, student success, and research excellence (https://merced2020.ucmerced.edu/). UC Merced is a smoke & tobacco free campus (https://smokefree.ucmerced.edu/).  Job location Merced, CA
Job Description for HMIS Data AnalystJob Title: HMIS Data AnalystStatus: Full-time with BenefitsSalary: $33,000-$36,000Responsible To: HMIS AdministratorResponsibilities: Data entry, quality assurance, data analysis and reporting for the Homeless Management Information System (HMIS).POSITION SUMMARY: The HMIS Data Analyst works under the supervision of the HMIS Administrator to provide specialized services to the Central Mississippi Continuum of Care team members, strategic partners, and the HMIS user community. The position serves as the lead team member for ongoing data trend analysis, ad-hoc reporting, and data-driven special projects.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITES: 1. Responsible for monitoring, analyzing, and reporting of data fromHMIS.2. Prepare regular and ad-hoc reports, analyses, presentations, charts, graphs, and other documents as assigned3. Design, develop, and implement security procedures related to datainput, sharing, and viewing by HMIS participating agencies.4. Perform data quality checks and monitors for statistical trends or deficiencies.5. Report findings to stakeholders as directed by the HMIS Administrator.6. Provide group and one-on-one training sessions for HMIS users.7. Assist HMIS-participating agencies with data entry as needed.8. Develop, prepare, monitor, and maintain special projects as requested.9. Evaluate, recommend, and incorporate new and emerging data science tools and methods into organizational processes and systems10.Participate in relevant in-service programs and other self-directedlearning activities, which promote growth in position responsibilities.11.Perform other duties as assigned.Requirements: · Energetic, self-motivated with demonstrable analytical skills, strong problem-solving skills, such as assessing the issue and recommending range of solutions.· Knowledge and use of computer based systems; demonstrated proficiency in network administration and database systems; preferably a computer science background, with data processing and information engineering skills.· Excellent oral and written skills, with leadership and teaching capability· Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to manage technical projects with a variety of non-profits and social service agencies· Strong technical aptitude with ability to learn new skills and softwarequickly· Proficient with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Qlik· Advanced user of Microsoft Excel· Familiarity with Windows and iOS operating systemsAdditional DutiesAt times, staff will be required to perform additional duties beyond those specified.EDUCATION/QUALIFICATIONS: · Associate’s degree or equivalent experience in database administration or data science and a minimum of 1 year cumulative related work experience· Desire to work for a mission-based nonprofit organization· Ability to work independently and as a member of an integrated team.· Basic understanding of computer systems, internet and network administration· Offer of employment is contingent upon acceptable criminal background checkJob Type: Full-timePay: $33,000.00 - $36,000.00 per yearBenefits:Health insuranceLife insurancePaid time offRetirement planSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:Employees are allowed to work from home as neededEducation:Associate (Preferred)Experience:data analysis: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsCompany's website:www.centralmscoc.orgBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetings
Position Summary:  The Data Scientist provides programming and informatics services in support of translational research and clinical studies of healthcare products such as drugs and companion diagnostics.   Essential functions of the job include but are not limited to:  Create source code in R for use in biomarker data management, translational informatics, and biomarker-driven clinical research with minimal guidance Develop and execute data processing, quality control (QC) and analysis pipelines for biomarker data such as flow cytometry, next-generation sequencing (DNA, RNA), gene expression, IHC and other bioassays Work with other team members to provide guidance on programming tasks related to data processing, QC and analysis pipelines Identify suboptimal processes and develop improvement strategies to improve quality, efficiency, and reproducibility Develop and maintain effective documentation and data specifications Perform source code validation and application testing Participate in research and development activities as appropriate Contribute to the advancement of Precision's technology-based services in Biomarker Data Management and Translational Informatics Contribute and lead as requested internal research & development projects related to methods and / or platform development Performs work on problems of moderate scope with the creation of source code and developing and executing data processing requires in depth analysis Other duties as assigned   Qualifications:   Minimum Required:  Bachelor's Degree in Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Data Science, Biostatistics, Biology or related field   Other Required:  Proficiency in R, particularly with tidyverse environment. Familiarity with some other scripting languages (Python, Matlab, Perl, etc) Understanding of data science, data wrangling, reproducible analysis pipeline fundamentals Ability to work efficiently under Unix/Linux environment Familiarity with relational databases APIs Ability to work independently with little to no instruction on routine work Exercises judgment within generally defined practices selecting an approach for obtaining solutions Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Team player contributing to a positive, collaborative working environment From time to time extended work hours may be required to meet business demands Must be able to read, write, speak fluently and comprehend the English languageAbility to undertake occasional travel domestically and overseas which may include overnight stays.   Preferred:  Master's degree in Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Data Science, Biostatistics, Biology or related field Experience with processing biomarker data such as high-content flow cytometry, high-throughput or targeted gene expression assays (e.g. Nanostring, RNA-Seq), or other specialty lab data (e.g., immunoassays, IHC, SNP genotyping, qPCR) Experience with AWS cloud computing platforms Experience with genomic data and / or public databases (e.g. TCGA, dbGaP) Experience with relational databases such as MySQL Experience with source code management systems such as git Any data provided as a part of this application will be stored in accordance with our Privacy Policy.  Precision Medicine Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Â© 2020 Precision Medicine Group, LLC  If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact Precision Medicine Group at QuestionForHR@precisionmedicinegrp.com.
JOB DESCRIPTION Insight Global is looking for a strong AI/ML engineer to work for a top Fin-tech client here in the Bay Area. This is a great oppuntunity to join a fast growing team, working on new projects within the AI space. We are looking for engineers with a strong understanding of AI messaging and Natural Language understanding. We are looking for engineers that want to bring there strong understanding of this field and teach and grow out the teams understanding. This role allows for you to implement your knowledge and also grow with team. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTSAI/ML experience focused on NLU/NLP (Natural Language Understanding and Processing)Conversational AI experienceThis includes managing (full lifecycle) AI/ML models and geared towards language understanding and processingHave worked with Conversational AI platform like IBM Watson, Google Dialog Flow, Etc.Looking for senior level that can identity gaps in our platform and propose solutions as well execute them. DESIRED SKILLSpython developement
Must be willing to submit for a DoD security clearance (if you already hold one, even better!). Summary: TeamWorx Security is a quickly growing Maryland startup (just because we’re growing fast doesn’t mean we’re hiring fast :-). We are a team of data scientists, engineers, and researchers specializing in the development and application of applications and products for our customers. We are looking for a data scientist to help us improve how we use data we generate. Our new teammate will be analytically minded who excels at solving problems within data sets; can help implement automated processes across scaled models; conducts statistical modeling and experiment design; tests and validates predictive models; finds and recommends new uses for existing data sources; and designs, modifies, and builds new data processes and workflows.   Experience:  Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, and/or relevant experience. US citizenship required and willing to submit for a DoD security clearance (if you already hold one, even better!).   Qualifications:   Use programming languages such as Python, Java, R, TensorFlow, and/or SQL. Experience in NLP techniques for text representation, semantic extraction techniques, data structures and modeling Deep understanding of text representation techniques (such as sentiment analysis), statistics and classification algorithms Experience with machine learning frameworks (like PyTorch) and libraries (scikit-learn) Use effective text representation techniques and classification algorithms. Experience in analysis, processing, tagging, and indexing unstructured, semi-structured, and structured classified and unclassified datasets. Experience in data project management, including cleaning and preparing data and creating, structuring, and maintaining datasets. Work in a team environment developing designs, identifying, and matching methods to problems. Possess skills in statistical analysis, machine learning methods and text representation techniques. Responsibilities:   Design and develop NLP applications. Study and transform data science prototypes. Select appropriate annotated datasets for Supervised Learning methods. Use effective text representation to transform natural language into useful features. Find and implement algorithms and tools for NLP tasks. Train the developed model and run evaluation experiments. Perform statistical analysis of results and refine models Conduct statistical modeling and experiment design; test and validate predictive models.   TeamWorx Security is an AA/EEO employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, age, disability.
Overview:  POSITION SUMMARY: The Statistician I will utilize knowledge of statistical testing, analysis and modeling to support development of clinical research and operational projects relating to the strategic objectives of OSF Healthcare. Qualifications:  REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Education: Bachelor’s Degree in statistics, biostatistics or other quantitative discipline. Experience: 1 year of progressive outcome-oriented experience in analytics. Other skills/knowledge: Proven ability to effectively and efficiently complete statistical research projects within determined timeframes. Demonstrated proficiency in Microsoft office suite for report write-ups and presentation creation. Demonstrated competence in R, SAS, Python, SPSS, Stata, or similar to perform statistical analysis. Functional understanding of SQL. Proven ability to effectively communicate statistical concepts with audiences of mixed technical skill levels. Proven ability to effectively manage multiple competing priorities simultaneously. Proven ability to perform outstanding customer service. Self-motivated problem-solver. Demonstrated competence in organization and time management skills. Enjoy working/learning in a technical environment; proficient in working with computers and data. License/Certifications: Epic Clarity data model fundamentals training is required within 90 days of employment and certification within 6 months of employment. Epic certification must be maintained as new version training is released. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: 1 year of healthcare related analytics experience. 1 year of experience work within the EPIC data ecosystem. 1 year of experience using R or Python for statistical analysis. Other Skills/Knowledge: Responsible for conducting statistical analysis, developing statistical models, and interpreting results to support system-wide improvements in clinical, operational and administrative areas of the businesses. Develops appropriate and easily understood presentations, reports and visualizations in order to communicate statistical project results. Uses R or Python on a daily basis to complete statistical research work. Uses SQL regularly to extract data from a variety of OSF databases in support of statistical research work. Works collaboratively with mission partners from varying disciplines and levels, to develop statistical solutions. Analyzes clinical, financial and quality data to study effectiveness and identify opportunities for improvement. Serves as a resource to various improvement teams including PI and QI, and collaborate with internal and external customers to improve data-driven decision-making. Maintains knowledge of current trends and development in statistical analysis and application by reading appropriate journals, attending seminars and webinars and conferences. Develops and maintains a positive working relationship with mission partners and leaders across the OSF ministry. Manages multiple competing priorities on a regular basis. Serves as a key liaison with the clinical and business leaders of OSF Healthcare System. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled Job seekers will be afforded equal opportunity regardless of their race, ethnicity, veteran status or disability status.
Duties Summary This vacancy is for a Statistician position in the Regional Income Division located at the Bureau of Economic Analysis.  This Job Opportunity Announcement may be used to fill other Statistician, ZP-1530-IV, FPL Band IV positions within the Bureau of Economic Analysis in the same geographical location with the same qualifications and specialized experience.  Responsibilities Perform high-level analysis of statistical data for accuracy, quality, and consistency. Research/improve estimation methodologies and take initiative in problem-solving technical challenges. Communicate economic and statistical information. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 04 Job family (Series) 1530 Statistics Similar jobs Statisticians Requirements  Requirements Conditions of Employment U.S. Citizen Suitable for Federal employment. Registered for Selective Service if applicable. (www.sss.gov) Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and individual states being in different phases of reopening, once the selectee becomes an employee, the report date to the official duty station/facility may be delayed until such time that management notifies the employee of their requirement to report. Until it is safe to relocate, the employee may be approved to telework to the maximum extent possible, up to and including full-time.  Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.  A one-year probationary period may be required.  This is a NON-BARGAINING unit position. Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:  Basic entry Requirements for All Grade or Band Levels:  A. Degree: that included 15 semester hours in statistics (or in mathematics and statistics, provided at least 6 semester hours were in statistics), and 9 additional semester hours in one or more of the following: physical or biological sciences, medicine, education, or engineering; or in the social sciences including demography, history, economics, social welfare, geography, international relations, social or cultural anthropology, health sociology, political science, public administration, psychology, etc. Credit toward meeting statistical course requirements should be given for courses in which 50 percent of the course content appears to be statistical methods, e.g., courses that included studies in research methods in psychology or economics such as tests and measurements or business cycles, or courses in methods of processing mass statistical data such as tabulating methods or electronic data processing.  OR  B. Combination of education and experience - courses as shown in A above, plus appropriate experience or additional education. The experience should have included a full range of professional statistical work such as (a) sampling, (b) collecting, computing, and analyzing statistical data, and (c) applying statistical techniques such as measurement of central tendency, dispersion, skewness, sampling error, simple and multiple correlation, analysis of variance, and tests of significance.  BAND LEVEL REQUIREMENTS:  Band IV (GS-13/14)  In addition to meeting the Basic Entry Requirements above, applicants must have the experience listed below.  Specialized Experience: For the Band IV, you must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the Band III or GS-12 grade level in the Federal service. Examples of qualifying experience include: compiling and assembling economic/statistical material, and applying statistical techniques; using economic theories and principles; proposing and conducting research; serving on interdisciplinary teams or groups that complete research related to data analysis; meeting deadlines; working with data from a variety of statistical agencies; communicating results of research and/or economic analyses in writing and in person to technical and non-technical groups; designing, debugging data computer programs; research and implement auto-editing procedures, including the use of BANFF or other imputation software; and apply data science methods using the latest statistical techniques, such as “random forest” algorithms or otherwise make use of “big data”, to improve survey collection and data estimation programs.  Education can not be substituted at this grade level.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer. Education Additional information The following links provide information on various hiring authorities that may enable you to apply through merit assignment procedures, or be eligible for a non-competitive appointment.  VRA (GS-11 or below) VEOA (permanent positions) 30% or more disabled veteran Persons with disabilities CTAP ICTAP  The Department of Commerce provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the Human Resources Office. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis. TTY users can contact the Human Resources Office via the Federal Relay Service, 1-800-877-8339.   How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation will be reviewed to determine if you meet the minimum qualifications for the position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the job opportunity announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/No, Multiple Choice questions) and place you in one of three pre-defined categories. These categories are "gold," "silver," and "bronze." Your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. Candidates placed in the "gold" category will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview.  How you will be evaluated for preference eligibility: Within each category, those entitled to veterans' preference will be listed at the top of the pre-defined category for which they are placed.  The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies; please do not provide a separate written response:  Ability to collect and manipulate large data sets. Ability to work in a collaborative environment. Ability to research/improve estimation methodologies. Skill in communicating economic and statistical information.  For more information on category rating, please go to: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/hiring-information/competitive-hiring/#url=Category-Rating.  We recommend that you preview the online questions for this announcement before you start the application process.  Do NOT include the following types of information in your application: Social Security Number (SSN) Date of Birth (DOB) Photos of yourself (if included on your resume you will not be considered for this position) Personal information: such as age, gender, religious affiliation, etc.   To preview questions please click here.  Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Other Drug test required No Position sensitivity and risk Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk Trust determination process National security Required Documents  Required Documents A complete application consists of the following:  Resume showing relevant experience; cover letter optional. Your resume must list your educational and work experience including the dates (mm/dd/yy) of each employment along with the number of hours worked per week. Your resume may be used to validate your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire. Your resume should also indicate your citizenship and if you are registered with the Selective Service System if you are a male born after 12/31/59. Veterans' Preference Documentation: Please indicate on your resume the type of veterans' preference you are claiming and provide the appropriate supporting documentation (DD-214 stating disposition of discharge or character of service, VA letter, SF-15, etc.) to validate your claim. Previous versions of the SF-15 will not be accepted. For more information regarding eligibility requirements, please go to: http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx. Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) and Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) documentation, if applicable (see other information). Education Documentation: This position requires proof of higher education, therefore, you must submit an unofficial transcript or a list of courses that includes the following information: name of accredited institution, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. This also applies to Bureau of Economic Analysis employees. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. Please refer to http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp for more information.  You are not required to submit official documents at this time; copies are sufficient.  Special Instructions for Foreign Education: Qualifying education from colleges and universities in foreign countries must be evaluated in terms of equivalency to that acquired in U.S. colleges and universities. Applicants educated in whole or in part in foreign countries must submit sufficient evidence, including transcripts, to an accredited private organization for an equivalency evaluation of course work and degree. A listing of these accredited organizations can be found on the Department of Education's website - http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html. You must provide a copy of the letter containing the results of the equivalency evaluation with a course by course listing along with your application. Failure to provide such documentation when requested will result in lost consideration.  CTAP and ICTAP Eligibles  CTAP and ICTAP candidates will be eligible for selection priority if it is determined that they have exceeded the minimum qualifications for the position by attaining at least a rating of 85 out of 100. Information about CTAP and ICTAP eligibility is on the Office of Personnel Management's Career Transition Resources website at: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/ctap_guideline.pdf  CTAP applicants MUST submit the following documents:  A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a directed geographic relocation outside of the local commuting area; a Certificate of Expected Separation (CES); or certification that you are in a surplus organization or occupation (this could be a position abolishment letter, a notice of eligibility for discontinued service retirement, or similar notice); A copy of your SF-50 "Notification of Personnel Action", noting current position, grade/band level, and duty location; A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and Any documentation from your bureau/operating unit that shows your current promotion potential.  ICTAP applicants MUST submit the following documents:  A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a directed geographic relocation outside of the local commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination, certification from your former agency that it cannot place you after your recovery from a work-related compensable injury; or certification from the National Guard Bureau or Military Department that you are eligible for disability retirement. A copy of your SF-50 "Notification of Personnel Action", documenting your RIF separation, noting your position, grade/band level, and duty location, and/or Agency certification of inability to place you through RPL, etc.; A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and Any documentation from your agency that shows your current promotion potential.  NOTE: You will not be considered if you fail to provide all required documents. If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits  Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Bureau of Economic Analysis offers a comprehensive benefits package. Explore the benefits offered to most Federal employees at https://www.usa.gov/benefits-for-federal-employees.  Additional benefits available at Bureau of Economic Analysis Headquarters located in Suitland, MD, include: fitness center; child-care facility; credit union; free parking; convenient access to Metrorail and Metrobus transit services in Washington, DC, Maryland and Virginia communities; car pools/van pools; etc.  Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency All qualified United States citizens.
Who's Clearcover?  Clearcover is the smarter car insurance company. We use powerful technology to offer everyday drivers better coverage for less money. We're proud to be one of the fastest growing startups in Chicago, and we're currently looking to add a few more extraordinary people to our team.  What is a Data Scientist, Marketing and Acquisition at Clearcover?  Clearcover has an enormous range of opportunities around data science and machine learning. As a Data Scientist, you will be expected to help this team set the right mix of goals that will impact the whole business. A successful Data Scientist will collaborate with our machine learning engineers and data engineers to proactively influence the direction of the company.  What will you do?  Take ownership of specific business problems and goals. Work with non-technical stakeholders as well as engineers to help identify the best use-cases for machine learning. Define problems and objectives. Strategize on building models and assist with deployments into production. Work with the team to measure impact and make updates to the model and service as needed. Communicate results, explain behavior of models, and set appropriate expectations with stakeholders.  What do you need?  Experience using the usual Python data science stack - Pandas, scikit-learn, NumPy, XGBoost, notebook environments, etc. Strong Python skills, including object-oriented programming. Working knowledge of SQL, including Snowflake or similar systems. Experience with the different types of machine learning techniques. Ability to demonstrate a clear understanding of how the various modeling techniques work. Demonstrate the ability to learn new frameworks and toolchain for model deployment and monitoring. Experience communicating and working cross-functionally.  What's in it for you?  Unlimited vacation, we hire adults Equity for all employees, so you own a piece of the pie too Dental and Vision, we've got you covered 100% Medical, we cover the vast majority of your premiums to make the cost of you and your family's coverage affordable. Plus, we contribute to your HSA and HRA (cha-ching) We invest in your future by contributing 3% of your salary to a 401(K), even if you don't Come to work pre-taxed through our FSA commuter benefits and yes, we have unlimited LaCroix, beer, snacks and the occasional ice cream social  Clearcover is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) that welcomes and encourages all applicants to apply regardless of age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify and/or expression, national origin, disability, veteran status, marital or parental status, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy or other reasons prohibited by law.
What you'll do...Data Scientists in Walmart Global Tech – Sam’s Technology are responsible for analyzing large data sets to develop custom models and algorithms to help with merchandising and operational projects, such as demand forecasting, assortment planning, price optimization and space planning. Data Scientists work as a member in project teams to provide analytical support, prescriptive models, and optimization solutions in Sam’s Club.As a Data Scientist, you are responsible for building large data sets from multiple sources, build algorithms for predicting future data characteristics and suggest optimal decision to our business stakeholders. Those algorithms will be tested, validated, and converted into applications. You will have a unique opportunity to expand your domain knowledge on ML/AI use cases in retail, research new trends in the industry and put them into practice.Key ResponsibilitiesUnderstands and translates business and functional needs into AI/ML problem statements.Build complex data sets from multiple data sources, both internally and externally.Develop custom data models to drive innovative business solutions to increase revenue and membership.Sift and analyze data from multiple angles, looking for trends that highlight problems or opportunities.Use strong business acumen, as well as an ability to communicate findings, and mine vast amounts of data for useful insights.Apply innovative and scientific/quantitative approaches to draw conclusions and make recommendations to answer business objectives.SkillsProficiency in machine learning algorithms such as multi-class classifications, decision trees, support vector machines, time series forecasting, deep learning and anomaly detectionStrong understanding of probability and statistical models (generative and descriptive models)Hands-on experience building large scale optimization models (Linear Programming, Integer Programming, etc.)Ability to run experiments scientifically and analyze resultsAbility to effectively communicate technical concepts and results to technical and business audiences in a comprehensive mannerAbility to collaborate effectively across multiple teams and stakeholders, including analytics teams, development teams, product management and operationsPreferred Qualifications1-3 years’ experience in building ML based models in practiceStrong CS fundamentals in algorithms, data structures and functional programming.Strong Experience with Big Data processing (Spark/BigQuery)Productionize the developed Machine Learning solutionsHands on Experience with Azure Cloud and DatabricksStrong background in ML algorithms for time series forecasting.Strong background in Statistics.Familiarity with Deep Learning algorithms.Expert knowledge and experience with PythonScripting skills in at least one of the following: Shell, Perl, Python, Bash, or RubyExperience with MLOPS/ Performance Engineering including testing, tuning and monitoring tools.Education RequirementsMaster's degree in data science, applied mathematics, computer science or otherwise research-based field;Job Type: Full-timePay: $90,823.00 - $145,113.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offParental leaveRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftSupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Master's (Preferred)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
How to Apply  To be considered, a cover letter and resume are required. The cover letter must be the leading page of your resume and should:  Specifically outline the reasons for your interest in the position and Outline your particular skills and experience that directly relate to this position.  Job Summary  Are you wicked smart? Does analyzing data make you giddy like when you were a kid at the toy store? Do we ever have a position for you! We are in search of a Junior Data Analyst to analyze datasets of medical data and help build model to extract information that is useful for clinical decision making. .   This position offers a unique opportunity in the areas of data science and analytics at the Michigan Center for Integrative Research in Critical Care (MCIRCC), Department of Emergency Medicine, University of Michigan (UM). Research in our center focuses on developing clinical decision support systems and a real-time analytics platform for developing and translating advanced data science into critical care.   We are looking for an ambitious, talented, and self-motivated individual with an interest in solving problems as an analytical thinker. Therefore, the candidate is expected to be a dynamic problem solver who is not afraid to “fail fast” as we explore opportunities to analyze the data we work with.   This role requires active collaboration with our Data Science team as well as our clinical collaborators who are the ultimate users of our predictive models. This collaboration will include requirements gathering to ensure we fully understand exactly what “done” looks like before we start the development of a project.   In addition to being a data analyst, this role will have the opportunity to work with our Data Engineer to manage, structure and wrangle clinical data from a variety of sources.  Who We Are  The U-M Center for Integrative Research in Critical Care (MCIRCC) is one of the world’s first comprehensive research enterprises devoted to transforming critical care medicine by accelerating science and moving it from bench to bedside. To do this, MCIRCC brings together integrative teams comprised of world-class U-M scientists, clinicians, and engineers with industry partners and funding sources to develop and deploy cutting-edge solutions that elevate the care, outcomes, and quality of life of critically ill and injured patients and their families.  Responsibilities* Produce and deliver weekly reports allowing clients and internal teams to make timely decisions Identify data sets needed to develop analytics through consultation and collaboration with MCIRCC researchers and team members. Identify and communicate best practices to better the success of our projects Opportunities to gain experience in all facets of Data Science Communicate clearly and consult with our multi-disciplinary team of scientists, developers, and clinicians. Collaborate with an energetic team of like-minded analysts at one of the to Data Science Labs at the University of Michigan Ability to manage multiple projects and assignments with a high level of autonomy and accountability for results  Required Qualifications* Masters Degree in Computer Science,, Statistics, or Data Science. Ability to analyze complex/large datasets and distill findings into a compelling story Experience with Statistical Modelling Proficiency using relevant tools (Python, R, MATLAB) Willingness to learn and quickly adjust to new tools and systems Capable of converting ambiguous problem statements into concrete project requirements Passion for data-driven results and customer initiatives Excellent verbal and written communication skills including the ability to communicate effectively and professionally with colleagues and stakeholders. Ability to understand and explain technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders. Confident teaching and coaching abilities  Additional Information  This is a part-time position, up to 29 hours/week. The starting salary is $15/hour and the work schedule is flexible.  Background Screening  Michigan Medicine conducts background screening and pre-employment drug testing on job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent job offer and may use a third party administrator to conduct background screenings. Background screenings are performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Report Act. Pre-employment drug testing applies to all selected candidates, including new or additional faculty and staff appointments, as well as transfers from other U-M campuses.  U-M EEO/AA Statement  The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.   U-M COVID-19 Vaccination Policy  COVID-19 vaccinations are now required for all University of Michigan students, faculty and staff across all three campuses, including Michigan Medicine, by the start of the fall term on August 30, 2021. This includes those working or learning remotely. More information on this policy is available on the Campus Blueprint website or the U-M Dearborn and U-M Flint websites.
FYI – For Your Information, Inc. is one of the fastest-growing and most successful woman-owned Federal contractors in the country. We have won awards for being a Great Place to Work and continue to make ground-breaking advancements. We focus on career development and promotion – people are the core of everything we do. If you are looking for a career and not just a job, you're in the right place! FYI – For Your Information, Inc., is a Woman-Owned Small Business GSA schedule vendor that is a premier provider of Human Capital, Training, and Information Technology services. FYI attributes this capacity to deliver quality services to many factors, including FYI's in-house recruiters, senior HR professionals, corporate administrative staff, and agile, committed management resources. FYI's focus on the national, regional and local requirements of its customers, and a corporate organizational structure with sufficient depth of skills and authority to deploy and manage scalable teams, allows FYI to be responsive to the real-time needs of our Federal clients. Position Description:  The candidate must have a Bachelor's degree or better from an accredited university Candidate MUST be MASTERFUL in Data Management, Manipulation, and Modeling Clearance Level: Top Secret with SCI Eligibility Candidate MUST have some experience with or exposure to AT LEAST ONE of the following areas: ETL: Architecture, design, development Data Pipelining: in Java Apache: NiFi, Kafta, Hive, Spark, Yarn AWS Managed Services: S3, RDS, Lambda, CloudWatch, CloudTrail Databases: SQL, Postgres, NoSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, MariaDB Big Data: Hadoop, Python, R, Pandas, NumPy, TensorFlow, algorithms Data Visualization: SPSS, SAS, Tableau, Qlik, Power BI, API Gateways  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need.
R Programmer – National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) United States Familiar with quantitative and statistical analyses and open data science practices to develop a unified tool for generating design-based estimates of cetacean abundance in the Pacific that can be easily adapted for use by analysts in other regions. The project will involve updating and transitioning the existing analysis code into an open data science format using R and related tools (e.g., RStudio, R Markdown, Git, GitHub; Lowndes et al. 2017). The core components of the abundance estimation tool include data processing, data evaluation, detection function formulation, and parameter estimation for two specific methods: 1) a group-based application for most species where the estimator accounts for the effect of multiple covariates on the detection function, and 2) a subgroup-based application for false killer whales where the estimator allows for separate estimation of each parameter. The final product from this effort will be streamlined and well-annotated code and associated documentation that users can access through GitHub, although the feasibility and utility of R packaging may also be considered. Specific tasks include: Update and transition existing code for each core component of each design-based abundance estimation method (i.e., group-based for most species and subgroup-based for false killer whales) into an open data science format using the R programming language and related tools. For the data processing component, the contractor shall develop new* code that refines output from the newly-developed R package ‘swfscDAS’ (Woodman 2021), which processes data files from the line-transect data collection program ‘WinCruz’, and produces sightings and effort summaries in formats needed for evaluation and analysis. For the data evaluation component, the contractor shall develop new code that uses the processed sightings summary and examines data availability by cetacean species and stock, truncation distances for detection functions, and sample sizes for detection function and abundance estimation. For the detection function formulation component, the contractor shall develop new code that uses the processed sightings summary and established truncation distances and models and evaluated each detection function, interfacing with existing ‘Distance’ R packages when possible. For the parameter estimation component, the contractor shall develop new code that uses the processed data summaries and detection function models and estimates the survey-specific parameters and results (i.e., effective strip width, group or subgroup size, trackline detection probability or g(0), density, and abundance) and associated uncertainty using established bootstrap procedures. Thoroughly and incrementally annotate and debug the new code and work with the PIFSC Program Manager to validate the results of each core component for each method. Ensure that the new code is integrated across all components and, to the extent possible, generalized for each method so that the abundance estimation tool can be implemented for multiple species and stocks at one time. Work with the PIFSC Program Manager to prepare any additional documentation that may be required to package, publish, or otherwise distribute the abundance estimation tool. Develop new R code to automate data and results summaries for reporting and mapping. The contractor may update and transition existing code for several analyses that inform design-based abundance estimation of cetaceans in the Pacific into an open data science format using R and related tools. The contractor may develop new code to: Produce Beaufort-specific estimates of g(0) by species or area Examine the role of random variation in the encounter rate through simulation Evaluate aspects of relevant species-specific data collection protocols (e.g., false killer whale subgroup size estimation). Must be able to work up to 40 hours per week, with at least 10 hours per week conducted during the normal business hours of the Center, which include weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Hawaii Standard Time, to enable interaction and collaboration with NMFS project staff.  Qualifications: Must possess a High School Diploma. Interpreting code written by others in the R programming language Creating efficient and streamlined R code in an open data science format Using open data science tools, such as the R package ‘tidyverse’, RStudio, R Markdown, Git, and GitHub Proficiency with developing R code for quantitative and statistical analyses Ability to create code in a collaborative environment, with feedback and collaboration during the development and validation process Excellent verbal and written communication skills Interpreting code written by others in the Fortran programming language Familiarity with design-based line-transect analysis Must be able to read and speak fluent English Must be able to pass a Federal background check  Leading Solutions is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a workplace free of discrimination based on race, color, religion, age, disability, genetic information, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, military or veteran status, and any other basis protected by applicable law. Leading Solutions is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) and Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB) headquartered in Kissimmee, Florida. The Company provides professional, technical, administrative, and healthcare services to Government and commercial clients. Leading Solutions customer- centric foundation ensures that our leadership and employees meet customer challenges and build trusting partnerships that lay the groundwork for success.
After being the no. 1 startup in India, we are expanding our portfolio across the globe, and we, at upGrad, are looking for part-time #international professionals and experts who are passionate to build the careers of tomorrow.*If you are someone who has expertise in any of the below-mentioned fields and is interested in curating content for working professionals across the globe, fill out this form for us to connect with you: https://upgrad1.typeform.com/to/cxOhTvmY- Product Management- Design Thinking- Data Science- Machine LearningAbout upGrad: Founded in 2015, upGrad is India’s largest online higher education company, with programs designed and delivered in collaboration with top universities like Duke CE, Deakin University, Liverpool John Moores University, IIT Madras, IIM Kozhikode, NMIMS Global, MICA, and others. upGrad listed no.1 startup in Linkedin Top 10 Indian Startupshttps://www.upgrad.com/global*Contract length: 2-3 monthsPart-time hours: 4-5 per weekExpected Start Date: 16/8/2021Job Types: Part-time, ContractSalary: $1,500.00 - $5,000.00 per monthCOVID-19 considerations:Remote workingExperience:Product management: 7 years (Preferred)Design thinking: 7 years (Preferred)Machine learning: 7 years (Preferred)Data science: 7 years (Preferred)
An entry level Financial Analyst is needed for a large healthcare organization for their growing team. The Financial Analyst provides financial reporting for the Managed Care Finance department by accurately and timely meeting routine financial and operational reporting requirements. In the process of maintaining financial operations, the FA improves workflows by identifying efficiencies and recommending changes.  ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Financial and Data Analysis  Analyzes financial data on a monthly basis. Uses SQL and other relevant data science skills to analyze, understand and visualize healthcare finance and operational data intelligently. Observes appropriate auditing / analytical practices and procedures.  Healthcare Finance Operations  Prepares monthly analytical reports regarding capitation performance (i.e. average PMPM capitation). Participates in the development of automated tools designed to increase productivity. Adheres to regulatory and compliance requirements.  Must have an analytical mindset along with a Bachelor's degree in a related field. Healthcare experience/knowledge is a strong plus. This role would start out a few days a week in the office and a few days remote for now, but long term must be able to work onsite in Mission Hills. This is a great entry level role for someone with 1-2 years of experience out of school who is eager to learn more within Finance.   Less than one year of experience preferred Ability to work independently with minimal oversight SQL experience required Foundational knowledge in financial analysis Basic Medical Terminology experience Solid understanding of Microsoft Excel Excellent written, verbal and social communication skills Practical knowledge in problem solving through statistical analysis or with large data sets highly preferable (such as in derivatives, structured finance, or business analytics or in a similarly demanding and analytical role) High attention to detail and possesses excellent organizational and writing skills BA/BS degree in finance or a related field Applicant must be familiar with word processing, spreadsheets and presentation software, as well as databases and customer database systems  Qualified candidates that are available to start immediately should contact us today!  .  Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.  Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, instant notifications for AI-matched jobs, and more.  Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.3195. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to contract/temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information.  © 2021 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use ( www.roberthalf.com/terms-of-use ).
Senior Data Science Engineer  Job Type: Full-time  Location: San Francisco, CA  Department: Data Science  Responsibilities  Our team is looking for someone passionate about Machine Learning with a strong background in Software Engineering. The ideal candidate has worked on production APIs, implemented ML models, managed ETL pipelines, and they feel comfortable learning.  Your primary goal is to support production APIs that serve ML models that make great recommendations, search results, and content for diners.  Requirements Experience implementing Machine Learning models Experience building highly scalable and highly available systems Experience with Spark Deep understanding of the JVM Great troubleshooting skills, with the ability to find and solve performance issues Deep understanding of data structures and OO design Language agnostic, you've worked with Python, Java, Scala, and you find good traits in all of them Experience being the point person for a product area, representing your team externally Strong desire to learn and grow their craft  The ideal candidate has all of these requirements. That's asking a lot, if you feel that you're a good fit for some of the requirements but you want to learn the others, we'd like to talk to you.  OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is the world's leading provider of online restaurant reservations, seating more than 25 million diners per month via online bookings across approximately 60,000 restaurants.  Since its inception in 1998, OpenTable has seated more than 1.5 billion diners in over 20 countries. The Company is headquartered in San Francisco, California, and the OpenTable service is available throughout the United States and Canada, Germany, Japan, Mexico, the UK, and many more locations.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our Company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.  As an employee of OpenTable, you will be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAK's portfolio of metasearch brands, including momondo, Cheapflights, Swoodoo, checkfelix, and Mundi. Many employees are dedicated to one brand, but we all have the benefit of using each other's strengths and insights. Together, we're able to help people experience the world through dining and travel.  #LI-ZW1
Benefits Medical, Dental, and vision plans 401(k) retirement plan Flexible vacation policy – take what you need Paid parental leave Tuition Reimbursement Program Free access to gym at both locations Training and development opportunities at cutting edge data-science conferences across the country Collaborative and exciting work culture – work with people you’ll love Opportunities to grow quickly and work with experts in the industry and with clients that are industry giants Limited travel – especially compared to other consulting companies Opportunity to work at a company where your opinion matters – we value data over tenure and stress the importance of an inclusive environment Unlimited access to Coursera courses both for personal and professional development Fun team building off-sites and opportunities – we ensure that we support our collaborative culture by getting the whole team together multiple times throughout the year Our business analysts use data-driven analytics to provide unique solutions to our client’s credit challenges. They work closely with our clients to frame their problem, determine the information/data available, and craft fact-based recommendations. These recommendations might include: developing a program strategy, constructing a valuation model, or performing deep dive analysis. In all cases, our consultants work hand in hand with our clients to identify and implement the value optimal solution. Ideal business analysts have a background in quantitative problem solving with undergraduate and/or advanced degrees in a quantitative field (math, engineering, etc.) and experience in roles involving rigorous analysis. They have high-order business savvy to quickly identify points of economic and analytic leverage. Consultants also must be empathetic communicators and problems solvers who work well as part of a team both within 2OS and with clients. Experience in credit risk is preferred, though not required.
TITLE Data Scientist LOCATION Orrville, OH (Close proximity to Cleveland/Akron) Flexible work arrangements available REPORTS TO Manager, Data Science POSITION SUMMARY Are you curious by nature? Do you like to dive into data to solve problems with innovative solutions? Are you passionate about uncovering meaningful patterns in data that leads to executable insights and recommendations? Are you looking for collaborative Data Science team with growth opportunity? If so, The JM Smucker Co. is looking for you and it’s time to join our team! As a Data Scientist, you will be responsible for collaborating with business stakeholders, Data Scientists, and Data Engineers and solving business problems by leveraging data mining, Statistics, Machine Learning and Smucker’s business knowledge. Additional responsibilities will include advancing relevant, informative, and user-friendly insights to help inform and influence strategic decisions across all our businesses. Moreover, be ready to challenge yourself and continuously improve Data Science skills by leveraging internal and external development opportunities for your growth. SELECTION CRITERIA Education Bachelor’s Degree is required (Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Science, Applied Economics, Econometrics, Psychology, or another relevant field) Master’s Degree preferred (Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Science, Applied Economics, Econometrics, Psychology, or another relevant field) Experience At least 1 year (inclusive of internships) of practical experience in Data Science, Statistics, or another analytical role R, Python, or other relevant Statistical/Computer programming languages; Relational database language (SQL) Good understanding of the underlying principles of Statistics and/or Machine Learning methods Familiarity with syndicated and POS data sources and visual tools such as Spotfire/Tableau a plus Experience in distributed computing and storage technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, GCP, AWS, and Azure a plus Other Excellent problem-solving skills, critical thinking, and conceptual thinking abilities Continuous improvement mindset Self-motivated and ability to handle multiple/diverse tasks Strong interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills Ability to work in dynamic environment; create and manage change Ability to travel as needed #LI-123
Data Scientist- St. Louis, MONo C2C, must be our W2 employeeMust have Python for modeling experience and SQL data wrangling experience  Basic Qualifications: MS in Statistics, Applied Math, Data Science, Physics or other quantitative discipline Intermediate Python skill with one year experience conducting exploratory data analysis and modeling using Python Demonstrated knowledge and experience manipulating and analyzing large data sets, including SQL/Dataframe experience for wrangling data into analysis ready datasets Strong analytical and quantitative problem solving ability, with demonstrated ability to build, test, and iterate on a variety of model forms Skilled in the use of Python for research Strong interpersonal and communication skills Preferred Qualifications: PhD in Statistics, Applied Math, Data Science, Physics or other quantitative discipline Experience with Customer Behavior modeling Experience working with regular expressions or other text matching tools for improving quality of customer entered data Experience with PySpark Experience using data science to lead the inquiry and evaluation of complex business problems Experience working with agriculture data Strong drive to learn new topics and skills and to develop innovative products for our customers
Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future Join the top Information Technology and Analytic professionals in the industry to make invaluable contributions to our national security on a daily basis. In this innovative, self-contained, Big Data environment, the ManTech team is responsible for everything from infrastructure, to application development, to data science, to advanced analytics and beyond. The team is diverse, the questions are thought-provoking, and the opportunities for growth and advancement are numerous. Summary  The successful candidate will provide support to the Sponsor’s data quality assurance activities, with a particular focus on ensuring data quality/integrity, trend monitoring, and working with new sources.  Duties, Tasks & Responsibilities  Working with new data sources to ensure data is understandable and meets Sponsor’s quality standards, and performing manual testing/quality checks before data is put into production Monitoring data quality and flows to ensure data is consistent, timely, accurate, and uninterrupted in support of Sponsor’s mission Performing trend analysis and leveraging metrics to optimize quality checks and volumetric reviews Recommending automation and process improvements to reduce/eliminate future data quality issues and/or minimize the need for manual intervention Recommending enhanced measures of data quality that can be used to inform the Sponsor’s overall data strategy Maintaining consistent, proactive, and timely communication with Sponsor management and other internal stakeholders, particularly in regards to data quality issues, and events that may impact other mission capabilities Preparing and presenting reports, deliverables, and briefings as required Collaborating with teammates, internal technical teams, vendors, Sponsor management, and analysts to build relationships and achieve objectives Required Experience, Skills, & Technologies  Proactive approach to data analysis and trend monitoring, with a consistent eye toward optimization Exceptional attention to detail and ability to communicate results/findings to all audiences Desired Experience, Skills & Technologies  Familiarity with SQL and basic UNIX commands Demonstrated experience using Jira to track tasks to completion Previous manual testing experience For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone. ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.
Company Description John Snow Labs is an award-winning AI and NLP company, accelerating progress in data science by providing state-of-the-art software, data, and models. Founded in 2015, it helps healthcare and life science companies build, deploy, and operate AI products and services. John Snow Labs is the winner of the 2018 AI Solution Provider of the Year Award, the 2019 AI Platform of the Year Award, the 2019 International Data Science Foundation Technology award, and the 2020 AI Excellence Award. John Snow Labs is the developer of Spark NLP - the world’s most widely used NLP library in the enterprise - and is the world’s leading provider of state-of-the-art clinical NLP software, powering some of the world’s largest healthcare & pharma companies. John Snow Labs is a global team of specialists, of which 33% hold a Ph.D. or M.D. and 75% hold at least a Master’s degree in disciplines covering data science, medicine, software engineering, pharmacy, DevOps and SecOps.  Job Description The Account Executive (AE) will take ownership of distributed Sales Qualified Leads (SQL) and apply the John Snow Labs Playbook to turn assigned leads into sold accounts. You’ll apply the SPIN Sales Methodology to identify buyer pain points and challenges and build rapport between you and the buyer. The AE work closely with a John Snow Labs Sales Engineer (SE) to conduct demo conversations within our target markets. The successful candidate will be a strongly self-motivated and driven individual who is goal-oriented, methodical and tenacious, and can effectively interact with a team. This independent sales rep position has advancement potential within the Sales organization, and the compensation package includes a team bonus opportunity. This position is remote. As a John Snow Labs Account Exec (AE), you will:Follow up on assigned leads.Make outbound phone calls to advance the buyer journey.Conduct web-based demos and teleconferences.Practice Active Listening to identify buyer needs and wants.Collaborate with SE’s to prepare solutions-based service proposals.Develop your sales skills and maintain a comprehensive and up-to-date understanding of the John Snow Labs playbooks.Maintain lead history in HubSpot CRM and schedule follow up activities.Stay up-to-date with our technology and products / services.Close sales that fit our value propositions.Contribute to monthly sales goals.Review activity, funnel, deals and other sales report as needed.Collaborate with the client success manager (CSM) as needed. Our Commitment to You John Snow Labs is dedicated to growing an innovative environment where our people can thrive. We are an award-winning global collaborative team focused on helping our customers put artificial intelligence to good use faster. Our website includes The Story of John Snow and our Social Impact page details how purpose and giving back is part of our DNA. JohnSnowLabs.com  Qualifications This role is a strong fit, if you have:A Desire to Win. You have a positive, resilient, relentless attitude and a strong emotional intelligence which has led to your past successes.A Strong, Consistent Work Ethic. Willing to go above and beyond. Self-directed, adaptable and resourceful.Values which Align to Ours. Our values weave through all we do here – from company strategy to daily decision making.An Ability to Leverage Technology. The ability to learn and leverage all of our training, presentation and sales tools.Experience with software sales. You can grasp and succeed in a technology environment.A Bachelor's Degree is required; an advanced degree is preferred.Passion or knowledge of the Data Science and/or Healthcare industry is a plus. Additional Information We are a fully virtual company, collaborating across 22 countries Open to candidates worldwide - work remotely from anywhere, ideally in the US and Europe for possible future travel needs This is a contract opportunity, not a full-time employment role This role requires the availability of at least 30 hours per week.
Organization: Corporate Functions/Research Location: US Negotiable - New York, Boston, Chicago, Atlanta Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries and all business functions — underpinned by the world’s largest delivery network — Accenture works at the intersection of business and technology to help clients improve their performance and create sustainable value for their stakeholders. With 505,000 people serving clients in more than 200 cities with operations across 51 countries, Accenture drives innovation to improve the way the world works and lives. Visit us at www.accenture.com. People in the Corporate Function contribute to the running of Accenture as a high- performance business through specialization within a specific functional area, and grow into internally focused roles by deepening their skills and/or developing new skills within an internal functional area. Job Description: This role is in our global Accenture Research Data Science Center of Excellence. The candidate will be working closely with other teams of data scientists, economists, and the data visualization team to guarantee a successful collaboration between AI outputs and storytelling deliverables. We are looking for a candidate with knowledge and skills in machine learning and NLP techniques. The ideal candidate would also have a passion for data-driven insight discovery, business acumen and strong communication skills to help solve the world’s most complex problems at the intersection of business, technology, and society. We offer a dynamic work environment specialized in developing innovative ideas and impact, managing complex research projects within multinational and multidisciplinary teams. Our projects have included collaborations with the World Economic Forum, Harvard and MIT, leading regional and multinational industry associations (eg. Hannover Messe), ecosystem partners (eg. Microsoft) and NGOs (Girls who code, Opportunity@Work). Key Responsibilities include: Support and develop state-of-the-art NLP algorithms in collaboration with other team members Work with other research teams (e.g. economics, data visualization, survey, industry experts) to define and deliver data-driven research proposals. Develop ETL processes to load and manage a vast array of datasets. Foster the adoption of NLP and data science across Research teams Collaborate with all data science team members to facilitate knowledge sharing and cross-pollination of ideas. About Accenture Research Accenture Research shapes trends and creates data-driven insights about the most pressing issues global organizations face. Combining the influence of innovative research techniques with a deep understanding of our clients’ industries, our team of 300 researchers and analysts – including more than 50 in North America alone - spans 20 countries and publishes hundreds of reports, articles and points of view every year. Our thought-provoking research – supported by proprietary data and partnerships with leading organizations such as MIT– guides our innovation and allows us to transform theories and fresh ideas into real-world solutions for our clients. Visit us at www.accenture.com/research and follow us on https://twitter.com/AccentureRSRCH  Basic Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications: Professional Skills: Demonstrated leadership in professional setting; either military or civilian Demonstrated teamwork and collaboration in a professional setting; either military or civilian Pursuant to the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, if you are located in Colorado, the expected salary range for this role is $72,400 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. If you are not located in Colorado, the salary range may be different What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information.
Every year, we welcome thousands of university graduates from every corner of the world to join Microsoft. You bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more and when you begin your career with us, we empower you through the Microsoft Aspire Experience. Those hired into this role are invited to participate in this two-year learning and development experience where you'll build your network, cultivate intentional capabilities and gain perspective into the career opportunities across Microsoft’s many exciting businesses. We’re a company of learn-it-all’s rather than know-it-alls and our culture is centered around embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Does this sound like you? Learn more about our cultural attributes. Are you ready to join us and create the future? Come as you are, do what you love—start your journey with us today! Responsibilities You’ll be working with progressive, motivated, diverse, and exceptionally creative people to design and manufacture Silicon and IP for areas such as Cloud Computing, AI, Xbox, and security. We have jobs in a wide range of disciplines within silicon development including: architecture, design, verification, physical design, firmware, product validation, data analytics and lab validation. Our teams incubate advanced technologies and build deep partnerships with Microsoft Research, Product Planning and Marketing. We're looking for the best and brightest to join us in designing for the future! Qualifications Graduating with a bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer engineering, electrical engineering, or related field. Results-driven with strong attention to detail and technical problem-solving skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to drive collaborative efforts effectively across multiple disciplines. Ability to understand, contribute to and improve the hardware solutions we develop. Ability to think strategically, be creative and innovate ways to communicate and visualize user experiences. A subset of classes or experience in the following areas: Digital Logic Design and Simulation Object Oriented Programming and Data Structures Embedded Systems Computer Architecture Knowledge of verification principles, testbenches, UVM Knowledge of C/C++ and scripting languages Experience with digital timing analysis, synthesis, place-n-route Circuit design, including VLSI design and solid-state devices Semiconductor processes and manufacturing Probability and Statistics, Data Science, Machine Learning Visit our Careers FAQ Page to learn more about the interview process and answers to commonly asked questions. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Sumner & Scott are looking to recruit Machine Learning Engineers to join a fast growing tech start up that has successfully completed seed funding to help expand their products, backed by some of the top fintech investors in the world.  They are fully remote, with a virtual base in San Francisco, CA  ***MUST BE A US CITIZEN OR GREEN CARD HOLDER***  They are on a mission to enable products without data barriers by building a data layer to combine datasets across organizations.  Starting with financial data, a fundamental building block for understanding both consumers and businesses, that plays a key role across many industry verticals.  Their first product is an API that makes banking transactions accessible to both humans and machine learning models at scale, with minimal engineering overhead or privacy risk.  They are currently deployed with a number of customers and are growing fast.  They are well funded and will be scaling up to 10-12 people over the next 6 months.  They are looking for people who can:  push the limits of cutting-edge computing and machine learning build the team and drive the direction of the company. shape our product and culture. assemble our engineering stack. experience the direct impact of what you build on hundreds of millions of people’s financial lives.  Experience  fluency in Python and PyTorch experience with training and deploying models in multi-GPU environments recognized open-source contributions participation in competitive programming events (CTFs, IOI, IMO, Topcoder, Kaggle, etc.)
Summary In this role, you will use your advanced analytics skills, health care cost and quality subject matter expertise, creativity and business acumen to deliver actionable insights for better population health management, health equity, customer engagement and satisfaction, and competitive advantage. This role supports Cigna's Individual and Family Plans (IFP) business – a fast-growing and dynamic business segment.  We’re looking for the right candidate to help us leverage a wide variety of clinical, claims, consumer and other innovative data sets to better understand and manage our customers’ health. They will also demonstrate a talent for translating between technical and non-technical audiences, as well as a desire to champion a data-driven culture with our business partners. You will engage in a collaborative, cross-functional group spanning a variety of functional areas (e.g. clinical operations, product, population health, consumer engagement, finance, and actuarial) and become a trusted partner across the IFP business.  In this role, you’ll perform:  Advanced trend analytics to answer “what happened?” Root cause statistical analyses to answer “why did this happen?” Data mining and pattern analysis to answer “ where are the opportunities?” Combine subject matter expertise and predictive modeling to answer “what will happen next?” and “ who is it likely to happen to?” Innovation processes and pilot campaigns to answer “how can we get better?”  Essential Duties and Responsibilities Build and continuously enhance a portfolio of analytic solutions (reporting and models) that support population health management and health plan operations Conduct exploratory data analysis to ensure work products are built on a solid foundation Identify and execute on opportunities to build new data products (e.g. predictive models, dashboards, studies, etc.) that yield deeper insights into customer health status, traits, behaviors, and earnings Conduct additional in-depth research with goal of breaking new ground in business data analytics and challenge the status quo; take a creative approach towards sourcing new data and benchmarks Promote more sophisticated tools enabling “de-averaging” customers into smaller cohorts with unique characteristics, experience, and needs Interact regularly with cross-functional leaders to understand business strategy, effectively and efficiently deploying appropriate analytic solutions to help the organization achieve strategic goals Manage a wide variety of ad hoc analyses, while prioritizing multiple stakeholder needs Influence business decision-making across a variety of functional areas, championing the use of retrospective lessons-learned and predictive analytics Communicate the results of modeling and analyses to a broad range of stakeholders, and promote standards for clear communication of complex analyses through the team Develop long-term relationships across enterprise analytics which add value to the company  Qualifications  Advanced technical competencies including: Demonstrated expertise with Python or ‘R’ programming language Demonstrated experience with data visualization Demonstrated experience navigating relational databases and extracting data using SQL/Teradata/Spark/Hadoop Ability to influence and collaborate with leaders at all levels of the organization. Strong business and financial acumen, including knowledge of health insurance financial drivers Ability to think creatively and put structure around complex problems to address business needs Ability to clearly present findings to a diverse group of teams with varying levels of technical expertise Preferred: Understanding and experience with a handful of the leading supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods such as Multiple Regression, Logistic Regression, Neural Networks, Deep Learning, KNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Gradient Boosting and Ensemble methods  This position is not eligible to be performed in Colorado.  About Cigna Cigna Corporation exists to improve lives. We are a global health service company dedicated to improving the health, well-being and peace of mind of those we serve. Together, with colleagues around the world, we aspire to transform health services, making them more affordable and accessible to millions. Through our unmatched expertise, bold action, fresh ideas and an unwavering commitment to patient-centered care, we are a force of health services innovation. When you work with us, or one of our subsidiaries, you’ll enjoy meaningful career experiences that enrich people’s lives. What difference will you make?  Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, age, disability, sex, childbirth (including pregnancy) or related medical conditions including but not limited to lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital or familial status, genetic information, status with regard to public assistance, citizenship status or any other characteristic protected by applicable equal employment opportunity laws.  If you require reasonable accommodation in completing the online application process, please email: SeeYourself@cigna.com for support. Do not email SeeYourself@cigna.com for an update on your application or to provide your resume as you will not receive a response.
Principal Data Scientist - Healthcare $160,000 to $180,000 + bonus + equity + benefits Boston, MA - no fully remote option THIS ROLE DOES NOT PROVIDE SPONSORSHIP Are you a machine learning data scientist passionate about improving quality of care in the healthcare space? This is a great opportunity to join a fast-growing health-tech company with a strong mission and create novel machine learning algorithms with patient data. THE COMPANY: You would be working for a mid-sized health-tech company in the midst of a massive expansion. They recently received a record-breaking amount of funding, and have multiple long term contracts with clients that last over a decade. They are both mission-oriented and dedicated to providing their teams with the latest technology and resources. This is a good position for someone looking at long term career growth. THE ROLE: This role involves developing novel machine learning algorithms based on real world patient data, like electronic health records. You will be involved in the end-to-end machine learning project lifecycle, and have ownership over your work. However, this role will focus more on algorithm & model development than deployment. You will also advocate your ideas to senior leaders about how to implement cutting edge ML trends in current & future projects. This is a Principal Level role, and you will have the opportunity to eventually guide a team. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Masters or PhD in a STEM field or related US industry experience designing, building, and deploying machine learning models Experience working with real world patient data, like electronic health records Experience working with Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras, or similar ML frameworks Proficient in Python Preferred: Deep knowledge of natural language processing & deployment in AWS THE BENEFITS: The Principal Data Scientist, Healthcare will earn a base salary of $160,000 - $180,0000 plus bonuses, equity, and a comprehensive benefits package HOW TO APPLY: Please register your interest by sending your CV to Nitasha Khazanchi via the Apply link on this page. KEYWORDS: machine learning, electronic health records, deep learning, real-world patient data, health care, data science, deep learning, natural language processing, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras, AWS, algorithm development
Position Title: Data ScientistWho you are: You have a passion for what you do and would like your work to make a difference. You feel energized by the prospect of ‘building things’ using data to solve real world problems and to tell an inspiring and impactful story. You are seeking a role that allows you to be the leading authority on driving an organization’s thinking on creating new decision algorithms and bringing out insights from client data. You love the power of metrics and tracking user behaviors and relish the opportunity to test personal intuitions and then have real empirical results that allow for data-driven decisions to continually improve a product and strategize for the future.You’d also like to join a team where the culture is extremely entrepreneurial and innovative. If you thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced and team-oriented environment, you’ll feel right at home at eMindful.The Role: In a NutshellWe are looking for a Data Scientist with an insatiable desire to design, develop and implement a data-driven framework. This framework will be used to create insight and enable the development of hypotheses and theories on what behaviors, social connections, etc. drive engagement and utilization in eMindful’s Programs.What You Will Do: Analyze and advance the framework of our technology platform to extract data (MySQL) into actionable knowledge to measure our business, improve outcomes and make our wellness experts more efficient at serving our clientsGo beneath the surface of what it takes to be an engaged mindfulness user, find the questions at heart and distill them into a very clear set of hypotheses that can be testedBring structure to large quantities of data - turn unstructured data into structured dataDesign and integrate multiple technologies to advance the product with an eye towards product innovationWrite product queries in SQL to build large-scale data setsDesign experiments to drive A/B and multivariate testing models that use statistics to predict the outcome of future product changesDesign experiments to drive A/B and multivariate testing models that use statistics to predict the outcome of future product changesAnalyze and build visualizations for huge data sets to monitor ongoing patterns that drive outcomesDesign experiments to drive A/B and multivariate testing models that use statistics to predict the outcome of future product changesAggregate data and prepare clear, concise recommendations to shape product performance and engineering directionWhat you need: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in computer science, math, economics or related degree and/or 3 plus years experience with strong data and computational focusIntellectual curiosity with willingness and desire to learn a new environment and tools to advance your own knowledge and our productTechnically savvy with experience in a range of the following:Programming languages: Python, Java, RDatabases: MySQL, MariaDB, PowerBIBig Data Storage Platform & Processing tools: Hadoop, HDF, MapReduce, Pig, HiveData Extraction Tools: ETL, Webscrapers, Flume,Statistical Tools: SPSS, SAS, MatlabMachine Learning Tools: Knime, RapidMiner, SciPy, NumPy, pandasVisualization Tools: D3.js, Gephi, Tableau, Flare, ShinyStrong knowledge of advanced statistical methods, Bayesian learning techniques, pattern recognition and outlier detection algorithms, and predictive modeling methodsExpertise in text mining, NLP methods, information extraction and/or machine learningStrong communication (verbal /written) and listening skills who can present complex information in a clear and compelling manner.Comfortable in very fast-paced environment with strong bias towards action to achieve resultsHigh growth companies and/or start-up experience a plusJob Type: Full-timePay: $90,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Required)Python: 1 year (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Data ScientistLexical Intelligence provides software and services related to processing large-scale biomedical information sources. Our NLP and analytics software is used by policy and decision makers to evaluate and prioritize current and emerging areas of research.We are looking for a data scientist to work at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, MD. The data scientist will have experience in NLP and applying statistical methods and techniques, including statistical significance and hypothesis testing, analysis of corpora utilizing advanced statistical modeling techniques including machine learning, standard linear models, or random forests. The data scientist will have a firm understanding of the nuances involved in unbalanced training sets, test/train/validation splits, gold standards, significance testing, and hyperparameter optimization. The data scientist shall be able to work well within a team of analysts, data scientists, and software developers. Applicants selected will be subject to a pre-employment background and reference check.*QualificationsMinimum qualifications:MS or other degree(s) in biotechnology, computer science or related fieldsMust be able to obtain Public Trust ClearanceUS work authorization (we participate in E-Verify)Preferred qualifications:Highly proficient in PythonExperience utilizing computational language processing including rule based models (context-free grammars), embedding models (word2vec), and document level summarizationExperience in network and graph theory expertise including spectral clustering and node2vecKnowledge of deep learning models using machine learning libraries such as TensorFlow, or PyTorchExperience using neural network architectures such as convolutional neural networks, recurrent neural networks, and generative adversarial models among other techniques and approachesExperience with data extraction from unstructured sources, integrating data from multiple databases, cleaning, and normalizing for downstream data analysisIndependent worker with strong analytical skills and excellent written and verbal communication skills**Salary and benefitsWe offer a competitive salary and a generous benefits package, including at no cost: full health and dental for you and your dependents (choice of POS or PPO plans), retirement account, short and long term disability insurance, life and accident insurance, paid time off, and 10 federal holidays.Location: Bethesda, MD*ApplicationsTo ensure that we consider your application, craft a resume that succinctly describes your primary skills and relevant expertise together with a cover letter.Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Lexical Intelligence, LLC, provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayAbility to Commute/Relocate:Bethesda, MD 20814: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Application Question(s):Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)?Education:Master's (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
YOUR LIFE'S MISSION: POSSIBLE  You have goals, dreams, hobbies and things you’re passionate about. What’s Important to You Is Important to Us We’re looking for people who not only want to do meaningful, challenging work, keep their skills sharp and move ahead, but who also take time for the things that matter to them—friends, family and passions. And we're looking for team members who are passionate about our mission—making a difference in military members' and their families' lives. Together, we can make it happen. Don’t take our word for it.FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®Computerworld® Best Places to Work in ITFORTUNE® Best Workplaces for MillennialsForbes® America’s Best Employers  Basic Purpose  Predictive Modeler I  Participate in the development of predictive modeling, data-mining, and advanced statistical analysis for assigned business units. Provide actionable insight into membership, product or operations data to predict or optimize business outcomes. Assist with formulating strategies around building business intelligence to improve decision making. Prepare reporting and data visualizations including interpretation of trends and patterns. Provide input, clarification, and insight on data analysis to mid and executive-level management across the organization. Participate on projects with increasing complexity, under moderate supervision with some latitude for independent judgment. Moderately skilled professional with basic proficiency in discipline.  Responsibilities: Collaborate with internal business partners across divisions to integrate routine analytical tools and solutions into lead generation campaigns, initiatives, and advanced decision support systems (i.e., INFOR)Develop and refine segmentation models to help focus corporate and divisional activities and goals supporting corporate growth, retention, client/member experience and long term profitabilityDevelop and test multiple hypotheses using results from routine analyses to generate and answer new questions leading to more in-depth understanding of business issues being studiedEvaluate, develop, and implement analytical techniques and best practices to gain a competitive advantageForecast routine initiatives to project strategic plan goals and assess current performanceIdentify potential issues that arise during the course of basic research projects and escalate and communicate these to management and internal clients for awareness, action, and resolutionIdentify, recommend, and manage external suppliers/vendors assisting on basic analytical research projects, ensure projects meet departmental quality standards, research objectives, and deliver on timeLead ad hoc analysis of corporate-wide business problems of various scope and routineLead development of predictive modeling projects using data mining techniques for estimating current and future member engagement, operational performance or other business outcomesParticipate in presentations of status, completion and results of studies to non-technical audience of various levelsParticipate in multiple research projects under tight deadlines; ensure research projects are completed on time and meet internal client expectationsMonitor performance of scored models; recommend and implement changes to improve performanceParticipate in full cycle model design and development which includes, but is not limited to identifying objectives, sampling, testing/validation, calibration, and monitoring performanceProactively work with internal clients and other business areas to create routine project plans with clear objectives, detailed tasks, accountabilities, timelines, and estimated budgets with corporate impactProduce actionable insights from research projects that are effectively communicatedPerform other duties as assigned  Qualifications and Education Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Engineering, or the equivalent combination of training, education, and experienceExperience in demonstrating thought-leadership, initiative-taking, decision-making, and creativity solving business problemsExperience in managing multiple priorities independently and/or in a team environment to achieve goalsExperience in statistical software (e.g., SPSS Modeler and/or SAS) to manage large data setsFamiliarity with at least two of the following statistical methods: linear and logistic regression, neural networks, decision trees, experimental design, time-series and forecasting, K-means clustering, association rules, RFM, and survival analysisBasic skill exercising initiative and using good judgment to make sound decisionsBasic skill interpreting, extrapolating, and interpolating data for statistical research and modelingBasic skill to influence, negotiate and persuade to reach agreeable exchange and positive outcomesBasic skill building relationships through rapport, trust, diplomacy, and tactEffective verbal and written communication skills  Desired Qualifications and Education Requirements: Master's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Marketing, Economics, Engineering or the equivalent combination of training, education, and experienceExperience in as a research analyst and/or predictive modeler demonstrating strong mass data mining and statistical expertiseAdvanced knowledge of Navy Federal products, services, programs, policies and procedures  Predictive Modeler II  Participate in the development of predictive modeling, data-mining, and advanced statistical analysis for assigned business units. Provide actionable insight into membership, product or operational data to predict or optimize business outcomes. Assist with formulating strategies around building business intelligence to improve decision making. Prepare reporting and data visualizations including interpretation of trends and patterns. Provide input, clarification, and insight on data analysis to mid and executive-level management across the organization. Participate on complex, essential projects working under minimal supervision and with latitude for independent judgment. Accountable for completion of assigned projects and deliverables. Skilled and proficient in discipline with demonstrated achievement of results.  Responsibilities: Collaborate with internal business partners across divisions to integrate moderately complex analytical tools and solutions into lead generation campaigns, initiatives, and advanced decision support systems (i.e., INFOR)Develop and refine segmentation models to help focus corporate and divisional activities and goals supporting corporate growth, retention, client/member experience and long term profitabilityDevelop and test multiple hypotheses using results from moderately complex analyses to generate and answer new questions leading to more in-depth understanding of business issues being studiedEvaluate, develop, and implement moderately complex analytical techniques and best practices to gain a competitive advantageForecast moderately complex initiatives to project strategic plan goals and assess current performanceIdentify potential issues that arise during the course of moderately complex research projects and escalate and communicate these to management and internal clients for awareness, action, and resolutionIdentify, recommend, and manage external suppliers/vendors assisting on moderately complex analytical research projects, ensure projects meet departmental quality standards, research objectives, and deliver on timeLead ad hoc analysis of corporate-wide business problems of various scope with moderately complexity and impactLead development of predictive modeling projects using data mining techniques for estimating current and future member engagement, operational performance or other business outcomesAssist in leading presentations of status, completion and results of studies to non-technical audience of various levelsAssist in managing multiple research projects under tight deadlines; ensure research projects are completed on time and meet internal client expectationsMonitor performance of scored models; recommend and implement changes to improve performancePerform full cycle model design and development which includes, but is not limited to identifying objectives, sampling, testing/validation, calibration, and monitoring performanceProactively work with internal clients and other business areas to create moderately complex project plans with clear objectives, detailed tasks, accountabilities, timelines, and estimated budgets with corporate impactProduce actionable insights from research projects that are effectively communicatedPerform other duties as assigned  Qualifications and Education Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Engineering, or the equivalent combination of training, education, and experienceExperience in an informal mentoring and/or leadership roleExperience in demonstrating thought-leadership in providing vision and strategic thinking around a full range of technical decisions and issuesExperience in managing multiple priorities independently and/or in a team environment to achieve goalsExperience in statistical software (e.g., SPSS Modeler and/or SAS) to manage large data setsExperience in using more than two of the following statistical methods to solve business problems: linear and logistic regression, neural networks, decision trees, experimental design, time-series and forecasting, K-means clustering association rules, RFM, and survival analysisEffective skill exercising initiative and using good judgment to make sound decisionsEffective skill interpreting, extrapolating, and interpolating data for statistical research and modelingEffective skill to influence, negotiate and persuade to reach agreeable exchange and positive outcomesEffective skill building relationships through rapport, trust, diplomacy, and tactAdvanced verbal and written communication skills  Desired Qualifications and Education Requirements: Master's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Marketing, Economics, Engineering or the equivalent combination of training, education, and experienceExperience in as a research analyst and/or predictive modeler demonstrating strong mass data mining and statistical expertiseAdvanced knowledge of Navy Federal products, services, programs, policies and procedures  Hours: Monday-Friday, 8:00am-4:30pm  Location: 820 Follin Lane, Vienna, VA 22180 | 5550 Heritage Oaks Drive, Pensacola, FL 32526 | 141 Security Drive, Winchester, VA 22602  External salary range: $61,100 to $121,300  Due to COVID-19 and social distancing, this position will be temporarily working from home with plans to return to campus at the desired location listed once Navy Federal is back to normal operations. The specific logistics for returning to campus will be determined at a future date by individual leadership  Equal Employment Opportunity  Navy Federal values, celebrates, and enacts diversity in the workplace. Navy Federal takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans. EOE/AA/M/F/Veteran/Disability  Disclaimer  Navy Federal reserves the right to fill this role at a higher/lower grade level based on business need. An assessment may be required to compete for this position.  Bank Secrecy Act  Remains cognizant of and adheres to Navy Federal policies and procedures, and regulations pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act.
SUMMARYSupplyframe is looking for an exceptional individual to play a pivotal role in our company as a Finance Planning and Analysis (FP&A) Junior Analyst. This position is critical to the success of our organization: as our FP&A Financial Junior Analyst, you will be an integral member of the team, providing high-quality analysis, forecasting, reporting, and research that will help inform of revenue trends by product, relevant product mix, relevant KPIs and possible optimization scenarios.You must be detailed, driven, self-directed, and process-minded in your daily work. You take pride in your productivity and your precision is paramount. If your “can-do” attitude is top-notch if you thrive among people as driven as you are, if you love numbers and forecasting and, at the same time, you treasure having fun with your coworkers, then Supplyframe wants to hear from you!The FP&A Junior Analyst will report directly to the FP&A Manager and will work with all departments within Supplyframe. We are a small, close-knit group; thus, this individual will have direct exposure to all levels of management. The right candidate will be a resourceful professional who can effectively and accurately manage a diverse set of responsibilities where proper and timely interaction with other teams is paramount for success.RESPONSIBILITIESWork with operations, sales, data science/engineering, and accounting teams to capture and understand daily data sets and trendsCommunicate findings in a timely matter to the FP&A team membersBuild and operate models to accurately forecast business metrics and financialsAnalyze business trends and data to uncover growth opportunitiesInteract with operations and sales team and report product rates and inventory levelsTrack product pipelines and update models accordinglyCreate automation for KPI reportsPrepare weekly, monthly, quarterly, and annual reports and support accounting activitiesDevelop ad hoc financial analysis to evaluate and support business decisionsHelp identify process improvements to streamline data acquisition and reporting across the organizationREQUIRED SKILLSA Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Economics, Mathematics or other quantitative disciplines from an accredited 4-year institutionExceptional analytical abilities and deep intellectual curiosity with the ability to think critically and independentlyStrong work ethic and relentless attention to detailExcellent verbal, written, and interpersonal skills; ability to communicate complex information clearly and concisely across departments within Supplyframe.Highly motivated and enthusiastic to contribute to team goals with a strong desire for continuous learningAdvanced Microsoft Excel (macros and functions) and other programming tools1+ years of experience in corporate finance, planning, and analysis, or a similar field a plusMathematical forecasting/scenario modeling experience a plusBig data analytics a plusExperience with Tableau, Salesforce, and NetSuite a plusBENEFITSCompetitive salary and bonus program in an entrepreneurial environmentTop-notch health, dental and vision insurance401k plan with matching contributionGenerous paid time off plus paid holidaysCasual work environment in the heart of ‘Old Town’ Pasadena, CaliforniaSupplyframe is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offParental leaveVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payCOVID-19 considerations:To keep our employees safe during this time, we are all working remotely.Experience:Microsoft Excel: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:www.supplyframe.comWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
National Storage Affiliates Trust is a real estate investment trust headquartered in Greenwood Village, Colorado, focused on the ownership, operation and acquisition of self storage properties located within the top 100 metropolitan statistical areas throughout the United States. As of March 31, 2021, the Company held ownership interests in and operated 844 self storage properties located in 36 states and Puerto Rico with approximately 53.5 million rentable square feet. NSA is one of the largest owners and operators of self storage properties among public and private companies in the United States. For more information, please visit the Company’s website at www.nationalstorageaffiliates.com. NSA is included in the MSCI US REIT Index (RMS/RMZ), the Russell 2000 Index of Companies and the S&P MidCap 400 Index. Job Summary: The data scientist will use data to drive decision making in our pricing, marketing, and acquisition efforts. The data scientist will have the opportunity to develop their skillset while making an immediate impact within a growing company. The data scientist will work within a collaborative team, assisting with exploratory data analysis, data cleaning and validation, model development and deployment, and ad hoc analyses. We’re looking for a high integrity, motivated individual who wants to contribute to a great company. Reports to: Vice President, Business Intelligence and FP&A Analysis Qualifications: Proficient in Python (if you use R instead and think you can learn Python quickly you should still apply for the job). Proficient with SQL – writing queries to collect relevant data. Exposure to Machine Learning - experience deploying machine learning models is a plus. Experience with Business Intelligence and Visualization tools are a plus (Alteryx, Tableau, Power BI, etc.) Proficiency with GIT version control is a plus. Comfortable with MS Office applications (especially Excel) 1-4 years of applicable work experience (Entry Level) Requirements: Excellent written and oral communication skills with strong interpersonal skills (ability to skillfully communicate insights to a non-technical audience). Strong initiative, decision making, and problem-solving abilities. Strong attention to detail. Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree from a four-year accredited university or college in a related discipline (statistics, mathematics, computer science, data science) Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers and filing cabinets. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to sit, stand and walk. This position may be required to sit, stand or walk for extended periods of time. Compensation Range: $70,000 - $90,000 plus bonus FLSA Status: Exempt Benefits: National Storage Affiliates Trust offers full-time employees a comprehensive benefits package, including: Medical Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance HSA/FSA 401(K) Accrued Paid Time Off Paid Holidays Employee Assistance Program Employee Discount Program The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work for the position. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all the responsibilities, duties, and skills required. All personnel may be required to duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed. All job descriptions are subject to change. Job functions and/or responsibilities can be amended at any time at management discretion. At this time sponsorship is not available. Only permanent residents and citizens will be considered. NSA OP, LP is an equal opportunity employer. Employment and promotional decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information or status as a covered veteran or any other basis of discrimination prohibited by applicable local, state, or federal law. No question in our application process is used for the process of limiting or excluding any applicant's consideration for employment on such grounds.  1PmNiJtzVE
About Data Science & Analytics.  Data Science & Analytics at Huge partners with Research, Strategy, Design, and Technology to prioritize opportunities, test hypotheses, and deliver user experiences with the potential to transform industries.  Job description.  Huge is looking for a Director, Data & Analytics to join our Data Science & Analytics team in the Midwest! As an analytical leader for our clients, some of the world's most-respected brands, you will be responsible for defining and executing data strategies for measurement plans and optimization initiatives.  What you'll be doing.  Driving insightful media and web analytics, with a strong understanding of how the two intersect. Defining and executing a data strategy for measuring and optimizing creative assets and web platforms for clients. Building out the process and operational back-end to enable full-funnel creative analysis that attributes credit across a range of brands and demand creative ads. Developing a creative taxonomy that allows for rich, detailed reporting across a host of creative variables that will drive optimization & inform our strategic direction. Delivering insight driven reports to help assess in-market performance that will help optimize creative delivery against key audiences, placements, and networks. Designing interactive reporting dashboards that automate & socialize insights across the organization. Applying innovative thinking and technical skills in data visualization, data science, and machine learning that will evolve the platform over time. Develop strategic insights from a variety of sources that inform UX, web, and product strategy. What we'd like to see. An incredible storyteller, whose passion for building compelling stories using data, is matched only by an ability to communicate those stories. Solid, demonstrated, analytical leadership experience - someone who innately knows how to empower teams to be their best selves, and can move the pieces to set them up for success. A high level of familiarity in statistical modeling, segmentation, value analysis, as well as reporting for website, online advertising, social media, mobile, email campaigns and e-commerce activity. Experience in test design (A/B, MVT), sample sizing and working knowledge of statistics (regressions, cluster and statistical significance). Familiarity with the Adobe and Google suite of products as well as dashboard solutions such as Tableau, Domo, Qlik, etc. About Huge.  Huge is a global experience agency made up of creatives, designers, technologists, strategists, and data scientists. We help companies elevate the human experience by creating unified brand experiences that people love. We work with clients such as Google, McDonald's, Stellantis, Brooks Running, P&G, and others, who are as committed to shaping culture and defining the future as we are. Headquartered in Brooklyn, we currently have more than 1,200 employees working across 13 offices in North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia.  Huge is committed to creating an inclusive employee experience for all. Regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, disability, or if you're parenting the next generation of innovators, we firmly believe that our work is at its best when everyone feels free to be their most authentic self.
THE COMPANY This pharmaceutical startup is redefining drug discovery using cutting edge tools. As a member of the machine learning team, you will utilize your experience in applying CNNs, GNNs, and the newest techniques in deep learning and Python to drive research and development in chemistry. THE ROLE Responsibilities will include: Using deep learning approaches like convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and graph neural networks (GNNs) applied to small molecule data, protein data, and chemistry data Collaborating with scientists and engineers to advance the drug discovery pipeline Using graph neural nets and graph-based approaches in deep learning YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Your skills include: Academic or industry understanding of chemistry Degree in Computational Chemistry, Computer Science, Cheminformatics, or related Experience developing structure-based or target-based drug design methods Experience using Python, Pytorch, Tensorflow, Keras, and related tools Start-up experience is a plus THE BENEFITS Base salary range of $160,000 - $190,000 Comprehensive healthcare, vision, and dental Fully remote, internal growth opportunities, and more! HOW TO APPLY Please email your CV to Alyssa Liew at the address .
As a Junior Data Analyst, you will have the opportunity to build upon your data analysis and professional skills in a fast-paced, learning-oriented environment. You As a Junior Data Analyst, you will have the opportunity to build upon your data analysis and professional skills in a fast-paced, learning-oriented environment. You will be monitoring the customer data process flow and health of the data.In addition, you will:Import, clean, and maintain data and information using Excel and internal databasesSend reporting to relevant parties and make edits and revisions as neededLearn different applications to train users and manage user requestsSupport manual customer lookups and reporting tasks in the Customer Relationship Management, CRM, software.Learn and support some content management and support the audit of the content.What Skills You Need:Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, information systems, business, mathematics, engineeringRelated Internship or 6 months experiences as a Data AnalystCRM experienceIntermediate Excel experienceA great attitude and desire to learnNice to have:Basic MS Access or SQL skillExperience with MS Dynamics or SalesforceThis position is on-site 3 days a week in Racine, Wisconsin, and remote 2 days a week.A college degree with a marketing focus degree or interest would be best. He would consider a 2 yr degree but would prefer a 4 yr degree. He does not want data science interest as they won’t be interested in the work.CRM solution doesn’t matter however they are on MS Dynamics transitioning to Salesforce in the coming months. This need is very task-based so there is no need to focus on specific solution experience.Contract length: 6 monthsJob Type: ContractSalary: $23.00 - $24.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shift
Key Role: Explore and exploit data sources through the use and creation of scientific processes and technologies to uncover and communicate business insights. Apply specific functional knowledge; working/general industry knowledge. May develop or contribute to solutions to a variety of problems of moderate scope and complexity. Work independently with some guidance; may review or guide activities of more junior employees. Basic Qualifications: Experience with aerial and ground-based robotics systems, and autonomy Experience with Python, C++, or C# Experience with conducting fundamental, and applied research in multi agent systems Experience with research in the area of autonomous multi-agent teams, such as energy constraints, mission planning, and logistics of operation Ability to develop new techniques and algorithms to plan missions of aerial, and ground based robotic teams Ability to obtain a security clearance PhD in Artificial Intelligence, Operations Research, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering Additional Qualifications: Experience with publishing results to the larger scientific community Knowledge of formal conference, and journal submissions Secret clearance Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. #LI-AH1, APC5, ID17
At Opeeka, we support mental health, behavioral health & social service agencies through innovative technology solutions. Through our revolutionary cloud-based assessment software (P-CIS), we use success focused Artificial Intelligence (SF-AI) to help care workers prove and improve on the care they already provide, moving toward more successful treatments with future clients, patients, and people.Position Summary As a Data Support Technician- Research Assistant, you will work closely with the Data Support team to calibrate questionnaires, create reports, and collaborate on other various projects (marketing research, UI development testing, processes documentation). Opeeka’s goal is to facilitate the use of assessment data in the decision-making process for our customers. The ideal candidate would have a rudimentary understanding, and love, for data. Other fields our team focuses on is mental health, behavioral health, social services, health data, data entry, and customer support. This position is great for current college students who have an interest in any of those fields and is willing to work in a part-time position!Your First 30 Days… Learn how P-CIS is utilizedShadow a knowledgeable P-CIS specialistComplete P-CIS software trainingPerform P-CIS software testingCalibrate P-CIS for new customers and for demonstrationsProvide training resources to customersTroubleshoot P-CIS questions/issuesOpeeka truly believes in providing the best customer support to promote optimal use of our solutions. At Opeeka, everyone works together as a team to constantly adapt to different challenges and allow you to exercise and learn a broad spectrum of skills every day!Responsibilities Working as a support technician, you will work a lot with the more technical side of P-CIS. You will need to calibrate questionnaires into P-CIS through an “assessment scraping tool”, find problems with questionnaires, and update questionnaires through that same tool. Knowing good practices when completing this part of the job will go a long way for you, and others in need of assistance.Helping with a project and being assigned tasks related, physical work around the office.As a support technician you will be asked to help with support services. You may be asked to help proofread or create documents, review resumes, edit videos, take notes in meetings and/or discover potential customers for the company. Additionally, you might be asked to help develop ideas for events or develop ideas to improve the scraping tool or P-CIS.Qualifications Minimum two to four years of college/university experience.2+ years proven experience working in the field.Experience with a wide range of application software packages, including standard business productivity software (e.g., Windows, FreshDesk, Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Adobe Acrobat).Ability to organize and manage work independently.Passionate about digital health and driving operational efficiency.Preferred Experience Working in a social health, mental health, behavioral health or primary care fieldSoftware TestingJob Type: Part-timePay: $14.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Software: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Meet REVOLVE: REVOLVE is the next-generation fashion retailer for Millennial and Generation Z consumers. As a trusted, premium lifestyle brand, and a go-to online source for discovery and inspiration, we deliver an engaging customer experience from a vast yet curated offering totaling over 45,000 apparel, footwear, accessories and beauty styles. Our dynamic platform connects a deeply engaged community of millions of consumers, thousands of global fashion influencers, and more than 500 emerging, established and owned brands. Through 16 years of continued investment in technology, data analytics, and innovative marketing and merchandising strategies, we have built a powerful platform and brand that we believe is connecting with the next generation of consumers and is redefining fashion retail for the 21st century. For more information please visit www.revolve.com. At REVOLVE the most successful team members have a thirst and the creativity to make this the top e-commerce brand in the world. With a team of 1,000+ based out of Cerritos, California we are a dynamic bunch that are motivated by getting the company to the next level. It’s our goal to hire high-energy, diverse, bright, creative, and flexible individuals who thrive in a fast-paced work environment. In return, we promise to keep REVOLVE a company where inspired people will always thrive. To take a behind the scenes look at the REVOLVE “corporate” lifestyle check out our Instagram @REVOLVEcareers or #lifeatrevolve. Are you ready to set the standard for Premium apparel? Main purpose of the Data Science Analyst role: This is a full time role for a candidate who will use a diverse skill sets across math and computer science, dedicated to solving complex and analytically challenging problems here at Revolve. Major Responsibilities: Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Partner closely with business leaders in Marketing, Product, Operations, Buying team to plan out valuable data science projects Conduct complex analysis and build models to uncover key learning form data, leading to appropriate strategy recommendations. Work closely with the DBA to improve BI’s infrastructure, architect the reporting system, and invest in time for technical proof of concept. Work closely with the business intelligence and tech team to define, automate and validate the extraction of new metrics from various data sources for use in future analysis Work alongside business stakeholders to apply our findings and models in website personalization, product recommendations, marketing optimization, to fraud detection, demand forecast, CLV prediction. Required Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: Outstanding analytical skills, with strong academic background in statistics, math, science or technology. High comfort level with programming, ability to learn and adopt new technology with short turn-around time. Knowledge of quantitative methods in statistics and machine learning Intense intellectual curiosity – strong desire to always be learning Proven business acumen and results oriented. Ability to demonstrate logical thinking and problem solving skills Strong attention to detail Minimum Qualifications: Master Degree is required 1+ years of DS and ML experience in a strong analytical environment. Proficient in Python, NumPy and other packages Familiar with statistical and ML methodology: causal inference, logistic regression, tree-based models, clustering, model validation and interpretations. Experience with AB Testing and pseudo-A/B test setup and evaluations Advanced SQL experience, query optimization, data extract Ability to build, validate, and productionize models Preferred Qualifications: Strong business acumen Experience in deploying end to end Machine Learning models 3+ years of DS and ML experience preferred Advanced SQL and Python, with query and coding optimization experience Experience with E-commerce marketing and product analytics is a plus A successful candidate works well in a dynamic environment with minimal supervision. At REVOLVE we all roll up our sleeves to pitch-in and do whatever it takes to get the job done. Each day is a little different, it’s what keeps us on our toes and excited to come to work every day. ATTENTION: After submitting your application, please check your spam folder for emails on your application status. Emails are sent from an ADP email address.
Lead Data Scientist Tech Start Up NYC/ Remote (East Coast Working Hours) $190,000 - $220,000 base + equity + benefits This company is a tech start-up in the Supply Chain space that helps companies save time and money by utilizing advanced technology. Their goal is to help their eCommerce clients be the best sellers they can through the use of their products. They help optimize a client's supply chain and help them to avoid issues like running out of stock, having inefficient warehouses, and helping them to optimize timing, location, and the number of purchases. THE COMPANY This Tech Startup is making supply-chain operations easier for marketplace sellers. They are making it so that anyone can sell their products online and have efficient operations that allow for lower investment and higher profit margins. RESPONSIBILITIES Work directly with the CTO and CEO to create long-term strategies for the data science team. Developing stats/Machine Learning models for forecasting In charge of being a tech thought leader, finding better solutions to evaluate time-series, supply chain approaches. Define how the company builds the Data Science product Manage team members, set priorities (partnering with CEO and CTO) Travel to NYC quarterly/monthly SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Master's required, Ph.D. preferred in Statistics or a similar field. Stats, background in operations research Extensive Commercial experience building and maintaining models, improving them over time, and working with complex data pipelines. Experience with Python Strong communication skills (must interact with C-Suite) Logistics work, supply chain experience are preferred. BENEFITS The role can be fully remote but you must work on East Coast hours. Will be required to come to New York quarterly/monthly. Unlimited PTO and a company-wide policy of having the first Friday of every month off for mental reset. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your CV via the Apply link on this page. KEY TERMS Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Supply Chain, modeling, time-series, modeling, forecasting, team lead, operations research,
Travel Required: None Requisition Type: Regular We are GDIT. We take pride in providing our clients with the data they need to make important decisions that impact the world around us. You make GDIT your place by delivering insights to help our clients make impactful changes real. By owning your opportunity at GDIT, you’ll become a critical part in how we successfully solve our clients’ biggest challenges. Our work depends on a Data Engineer joining our team to support our customers activities at McLean, VA. At GDIT, our people are at the center of everything we do. As a Data Engineer supporting our customer, you will be trusted to work on specific technology and customization. In this role, a typical day will include: Guides the successful completion of major programs and may function in a project leadership role. Creates and maintains optimal data pipeline architecture Develops and conducts tests to ensure data solutions meet documented user requirements. Analyzes IT environments to identify and assess critical capabilities and recommend solutions to problems of high complexity. Collaborates with data science team to transform data and integrate algorithms and models into automated processes. Performs additional duties as assigned. Works with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Develops technical solutions to complex problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity. DUTIES INCLUDE: Movement of structured and unstructured data (gigabyte to terabyte range) using Sponsor approved methods Execute data ingestion activities for storing data in a local or enterprise level location View data in its source format Develop code to format data that facilitates exploration Analyze source data formats and work with Data Scientists and Mission Partners to determine the formats and transforms that best meet mission objectives Develop code and tools to provide one-time and on-going data formatting and transformations into enterprise or boutique data models Implement existing ETL code and best practices/standards that are currently in use in the enterprise Develop and deliver software documentation for each code project that includes ETL mappings, code use guide, code location (generally GitHub) and access instructions), and anomalies encountered. Facilitate code reviews to identify bugs and areas for code improvement to ensure high quality software. REQUIRED SKILLS: AWS (Intermediate) Linux (Intermediate) Python (Intermediate) SQL (Intermediate) HTTP API Usage/Integration (Intermediate) Experience analyzing diverse file types (text, image, video, audio, and binary) (Basic) Experience with geospatial tools/data (Basic) DESIRED SKILLS: Docker (Intermediate) Puppet (Intermediate) Solr (Basic) Postgres Admin (Basic) MariaDB Admin (Basic) Hadoop/Spark (Intermediate) Elasticsearch (Intermediate) Kibana (Basic) Kafka (Beginner) NiFi (Intermediate) DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: MS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU: Full-flex work week 401K with company match Rewards program for high-performing employees Challenging work that makes a real impact on the world around you Internal mobility team dedicated to helping you own your career Not sure this job’s the one for you? Check out our other openings at gdit.com/careers. #OpportunityOwned #GDITCareers #GDITLife, #WeAreGDIT #GDITInterns We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.  GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class. We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.  GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
Description About Harvest Harvest is an industry-leading, independent software company that makes tools to help businesses run more smoothly. We believe that businesses only succeed by using their time intentionally. Our products support our customers through time tracking, reporting, and forecasting features. Harvest started in 2006 as a team of three and has grown to today’s current team of over 60 with Harvesters working from around the globe. We’ve worked as a remote team since the beginning and we continue to hire the right people for the job no matter where they call home. We strive to create a workplace culture where everyone feels valued, included, and heard. One important aspect of this is continuing to create spaces for diverse life experiences and work histories. If you are a member of a group that is historically underrepresented and disadvantaged in tech, business, and society in general, we want to meet you and we encourage you to apply. About the Role This is an opportunity to join Harvest’s nascent data team. In the short term, you will help build Harvest’s reporting layer using DBT and Mode. Medium-term, you will help shape and implement an experimentation program. Longer-term, there is flexibility in how you can grow as long as you bring kindness, honor time, and seek impact. You should consider applying if: You have both a teacher and a student mindset. 15 years worth of data excites you. You're interested in building a data practice from the ground up. You like small teams. You value a distributed and diverse work culture. Working side-by-side with co-workers from around the world is something you cherish. You value simplicity over complexity and practicality over theory. You are skeptical, curious, and not afraid of failure.  Responsibilities Munge data, analyze and interpret results to provide both ad-hoc and scalable ongoing reporting Gather requirements from stakeholders, understand the intent of their requests along with potential business impact, and guide and execute upon those requests Guide your colleagues through the scientific method by designing and leading experiments Develop an understanding of how data moves through Harvest Build upon Harvest’s logic layer to ensure scalability and accuracy Grow in both depth and breadth in order to become a subject matter expert in given technologies and/or parts of the business Requirements Strong working knowledge of SQL and at least one scripting language (R or Python preferred) Knowledge of statistics, hypothesis testing, and probability Experience with relational databases Strong written and oral communication A desire to learn and grow  Nice to Have Experience with SAAS products
WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others.  HBO Max is where storytelling takes center stage and where creatives find a home with the support and resources to do their best work, no matter the genre or format. Whatever the viewer wants to watch is front and center and more of what they crave is easily discovered. It is where our exclusive HBO Max Originals and iconic entertainment brands thrive, with HBO, Warner Bros., DC, Turner Classic Movies, Cartoon Network and more delivering the greatest array of series, movies and specials for audiences of all ages. HBO Max launched in the US in May 2020 and is scheduled to be in an additional 60 markets this year, launching in Latin America in June and followed by upgrades of HBO-branded streaming services in Europe.  The Job  As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be part of a talented Machine Learning (ML) group focused on developing innovative machine learning algorithms, scalable ML systems, and HBO Max applications.  You will focus on developing and deploying engineering systems such as customer life cycle models, audience segmentation systems, personalization and recommender systems, search, experimentation, and content AI solutions to drive user experience and growth.  You will partner closely with product, engineering, content, marketing, and research stakeholders across WarnerMedia to identify ML opportunities, accelerate AI innovation, and ensure the delivery of impactful solutions for the business.  The Daily Work with data scientists, data engineers to design best-suited, robust, and scalable ML solutions and evaluate the deployed ML model’s effectiveness. Write robust production-level and well tested code and engage in code reviews. Deploy ML model pipelines, scale through Big Data, optimize performance and automate fail-over. Enhance our machine learning infrastructure and framework. Collaborate with other MLE teams to promote and contribute to shared services and libraries. Design and implement data pipelines and data quality controls. Raise the bar on SDLC and CI/CD practices.  The Essentials Technical education in Computer Science, Information Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience (Masters degree or higher preferred). Has relevant and hands-on experience in Machine Learning Engineering with a track record of building high quality, scalable and robust ML solutions. We will consider exceptional entry level candidates, Industry experience preferred. Has experience in incrementally building big data product and production pipelines to support product functionalities, data and analytic functions. Flexible and comfortable working in a dynamic team environment with a distributed organization and minimal process. Familiarity with the following technologies and frameworks is strongly preferred: ML Technologies: Spark, MxNet, TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn AWS stack with a specific focus on the following solutions: EMR, Glue, Sagemaker, ECS/EKS, Lambda, CloudWatch Data stack: Snowflake, Grafana, SQS/Kafka/Kinesis Proficient in Python and OOP languages like Java ML model pipelines, orchestration frameworks, micro-services architecture Familiarity with data science techniques is a plus.   The Perks  Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screeningsPaid time off every year to volunteer for eligible employeesAccess to well-being tools, resources, and freebiesAccess to in-house learning and development resourcesPart of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
Data Scientist, DHL Consulting DHL Consulting is the international management and supply chain consultancy of Deutsche Post DHL Group. We empower the top management of Deutsche Post DHL Group (DPDHL Group) and its customers to shape the future of their businesses – worldwide. With an ambitious and highly motivated team in four locations globally, we develop high-impact solutions for the business and supply chain challenges of today and tomorrow. As a Data Scientist at DHL Consulting, you will work in a unique setup with our Consultants to solve concrete business problems. Being part of a global team, you will work collaboratively to apply methods such as time series analysis, operations research methods, and machine learning algorithms (e.g. trees, neural networks) to answer a wide range of business problems. Analytics-related problems may relate to the DPDHL Group, its customers, or DHL Consulting's own business. Examples of these include but are not limited to, developing machine learning tools for route optimization and freight rates' prediction, sales analytics, demand forecasting for inventory optimization. Specifically, you will work on analytical frameworks for data analytics projects based on an understanding of concrete business requirements and operational processes. You will conduct data analyses, develop mathematical models, build dashboards, and create prototypes. You look into data for patterns to “let the data speak.” You will learn how to interpret modelling results in a business context and discuss these with your business stakeholders. You will sharpen your data skills by running quick analyses and present your outcomes to consultants and clients. To further incorporate data-driven decision-making in operations, you will consolidate the methodological skills and knowledge acquired from completed projects. Be part of a group that is making a shift towards automation and data – “Build tomorrow”! You will also use your expertise to support project acquisition by identifying new strategic application areas, use cases or products by applying innovative data analytics methods and technologies. We offer: Variety of exciting projects in logistics and across all organizational, functional areas of the DPDHL Group Very unique set up that combines data and consulting Lean structure, regular interaction with Senior Management Great freedom in learning, working and personal development within an atmosphere where every idea is heard A mentor who is individually assigned to you Specific training designed around your unique potential Collaboration opportunities with diverse clients and colleagues in our four offices globally Participation in international data conferences (e.g. Strata Conference) Highly collaborative team built on mutual respect and support Modern, open, creative and flexible office design Mobile office concept that caters for your flexible work mode International career opportunities: Work for a certain time in one of our satellite offices in Cologne (Germany), Singapore or Shanghai You would like to learn more about Data Sciences with the DPDHL Group? Please follow this link: DPDHL Data Sciences University degree ideally in Statistics, alternatively Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science or related natural sciences / technical degree, or comparable qualificationExperience in leading and driving data science projectsDeep understanding of statistical and machine-learning modelsInstinctive and natural affinity towards agile working methodsAbility to let the data speak, but also to massage data for serving a use-caseStrong programming skills in the following languages: Python with e.g., Pandas, Numpy, and other usual packagesExperience in at least one visualization tool like Tableau or PowerBI, understanding of visualizations such as SankeyExperience in working with databasesBusiness acumen: Ability to produce outstandingly creative and analytical solutions based on clear and thorough analyses of complex processes and business relationshipsDrive, motivation, and curiosity: Learn new topics from business and data, find out what is the real underlying problem and how data can support, but also follow trends in data scienceExcellent written and spoken EnglishComfortable explaining complex analytical and technical content to various audiencesIndependent work ethic, with integrity, loyalty and a positive “can-do”- attitudePassionate team player Submit your application in English including your CV, cover letter, and academic records. Email us if you have any questions. We’d be happy to hear from you: DHLConsulting-US@dhl.com CO167  Plantation, Florida, United States of America Category  Consulting, Data Analysis and Project Management Posted Date  08/08/2021  Global Business Services  DHL Consulting Americas  Travel required less 50%
This team member will partner closely with our Data Scientist and have opportunities to work on high impact projects that span across many departments. As one of the first Data Analysts to the Data team, you will help define key business, performance metrics and own areas of data including operational and product analytics.  Responsibilities  Leverage data to understand users and their product usage, developing insights that apply to product, marketing, and business strategy Work with Product, Engineering, Marketing, Rev Ops, and Finance teams to identify important questions around how to define key metrics Establish and manage KPIs that measure the health of the business, product performance, and customer experience quality Create reporting, visualizations, and dashboards to guide and monitor our business and allow team members to take action quickly Develop frameworks, tools, and best practices to apply data insights towards business questions Analyze experiment data, communicate results, and drive decisions  Qualifications  1-3+ years of relevant work experience in a quantitative or analytical role at a SaaS or technology company Solid analytical foundation; you have a good understanding of product and business metrics, knowledge of statistical methods Fluency in SQL and some experience with either Python or R Comfort manipulating and analyzing very large data sets with high dimensionality and complexity Experience with BI tools such as Tableau, Sisense/Periscope Data, Looker, etc. Strong attention to detail; your analyses are always high quality, accurate, and easy to understand You have a scrappy get things done mentality, and the ability to work in a self-guided manner Strong communicator; you can crisply communicate actionable data-driven insights to all audiences An interest or some experience in data science and machine learning is a plus! Experience in leading experimentations (A/B testing) is also a plus!
Jane Technologies: Data Scientist  Jane Technologies, Inc. is an MIT-founded technology company in the cannabis industry, and we are growing extremely quickly. Our technology digitizes dispensary inventories and creates virtual menus to allow users to explore, purchase, and review products. Our secret sauce is a clean product catalogue with rich content, which we use to map inventory across thousands of stores to a single product. For this reason, we have some of the cleanest transactional, browsing, and product data in the industry. And we're looking for a passionate, personable, creative, and entrepreneurial Data Scientist to join the team.  Culture is the single most important component of Jane's success to date. A successful candidate will thrive in our environment of mutual support, relentless pursuit of excellence, creativity, and complete lack of ego. We believe in the cannabis industry's ability to bring well-being, health, and love into this world, and it is our mission to bring confidence to the online cannabis shopping experience. To learn more about who we are, our culture, and whether this is the right place for you, read our Key Values profile: https://www.keyvalues.com/jane. Check out our product at: https://www.iheartjane.com/.  Responsibilities:  Create interactive dashboards for partners and internal users. Import data from multiple sources into centralized storage using APIs, SQL queries, etc. Working directly with dispensary and third party data buyers to provide reporting. Assist with machine learning models to help enrich the user experience.  Minimum qualifications:  1+ years experience in a Data Science related role SQL (PosgreSQL and Snowflake preferred) Python (pandas preferred) Data Visualization Handling APIs to export/import data
Security Clearance required: No Clearance Required. At Cognosante, we help improve how the nation delivers services to its citizens through innovation and transformation. We are committed to creating positive results with lasting impact and are always looking for passionate people who share our values to join the Cognosante family. Every day, we help government agencies solve difficult problems. We are ensuring health professionals have accurate, secure, and timely health data so Americans get the healthcare they need. We help Federal and State agencies navigate healthcare reform and empower their technology transformations. We are addressing the social determinants of health to remove barriers to healthcare access. And we are proud to help our military do its job more safely by leveraging stronger IT networks and using cybersecurity and biometrics technologies that replace outdated legacy solutions. We are also helping create more options for Veterans, active-duty military personnel, and their families to obtain health services in their communities. Passion for what we do. Pride in how we do it. At Cognosante we are all VIPS. We create value by being enterprising. We develop innovative ideas and solutions. We perform at our best and deliver results. We share achieved results and recognitions. Cognosante is a Great Place to Work certified company and we are looking forward to you joining our team. About the Program The Cognosante Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Scholars program seeks to provide third and fourth (+) year undergraduates a robust semester’s long training program. Working closely with senior leadership, selected scholars will have the opportunity to earn college credit while being employed full-time at our company supporting a Cognosante corporate initiative from start to finish. You will be assigned a dedicated mentor, meet regularly with our executive sponsors and have access to our full suite of learning and development tools including LinkedIn Learning. You will obtain industry certifications such as a Lean Six Sigma colored belt and establish vital skills in project management, public speaking and business etiquette and networking. All the while you will be part of a small cohort of 4-5 other students that work collaboratively on community outreach and social events in the greater Washington, DC area. About You The ideal candidate will be in their third or fourth(+) year of completing their undergraduate degree at a partner HBCU. We are looking for self-motivated students that are comfortable in ambiguous environments when surrounded with strong support. Selected candidates will have a history of leading through action rather than position or title and will be intellectually curious with a particular focus/interest in working in a firm like ours that is mission driven. Cognosante looks at well-qualified applicants holistically through our selection process. We accept students from a variety of liberal arts and STEM based majors and work closely to align students with projects that match their career interests. Come prepared to have an in-depth conversation on any past internship work experience and especially be open to talking about your coursework during our interview process. This will help determine the right team across our many tracks we can offer. Minimum Qualifications Current Enrollment in undergraduate degree program at Cognosante designated partner school Completed at least 60 credit hours towards an undergraduate degree by date of job offer Cumulative grade point average of at least 3.00 from all courses of study Completed required COVID-19 vaccination series required for corporate housing at Cognosante housing partner or meets requirements for exemption for vaccination as outlined by partner institution (applicable for those seeking housing assistance) Legally authorized to work in the United States now and in the future without requiring sponsorship for employment visa status Program Compensation / Benefits Cognosante offers a variety of perks for Scholars that chose to spend their fall in residence with us: Competitive hourly compensation at $20 per hour Paid student housing in private bedrooms with shared common space at nearby University Company paid holidays including Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Veteran’s Day Complimentary transportation benefits to nearby Metro stop via Uber for Business On site fitness center Employee discount program, Perks at Work Suite of training and development including access to entire LinkedIn Learning content library Program Tracks Data Science / Machine Learning Marketing / Communications Industrial Organization (I/O) Psychology Software Development Systems Analysis Finance / Accounting Information Technology Human Resources Pricing / Contracts / Legal **Note: Not all tracks will be available every semester. One application will consider you for all open tracks.** Eligible Partner Schools Consideration will be provided to students from the following Cognosante partner institutions: Delaware State University Elizabeth City State University Huston-Tillotson University North Carolina Central University
Source Systems is now inviting the brightest, creative and passionate minds to become a part of our Data Scientist Internship Program. Work with our industry experts to gain unrivaled knowledge at both the strategic level (generating bold and innovative ideas for data science-driven growth) and at the tactical level across multiple teams (building and testing hypotheses, creating predictive analytics models, incorporating findings into proof points supporting product launches). These invaluable experiences will greatly increase your skills and value to employers. We know what it takes to leverage powerful data systems that are used to provide important results for company planning and key decision making.  Job Description  A position at Source Systems is a rich experience that cannot be duplicated in any other learning/working environment. We are looking for a Data Scientist Intern that helps us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high-quality prediction systems integrated with our products.  You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, implement, data mining capabilities and effectively provide the results, in a fast paced environment, necessary to meet our business needs. This position may include working remotely and provides flexible hours to accommodate productive work-flow.  Responsibilities:  Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques Data mining using state-of-the-art methods Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance Stay current on modern trends and advances in data mining technology Work closely with our experts and other team members to efficiently prototype/develop features and functions for our various products Perform other duties as assigned  Qualifications:  Internship candidates should have high interest in learning top of the line data mining platforms, programming, tools, testing, and analyzing business needs:  Understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as: k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Some knowledge of common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc Data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase, etc. Statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Data-oriented personality Excellent writing & organizational skills Independent work ethic Detail oriented Strong drive to succeed Entrepreneurial mindset Proactive Good communicator Team player Autonomous Passion for coding, solving problems and working in a team environment Use a provided online productivity platform to organize and keep track of your completed tasks.  Makes suggestions for processes, coding, implementation, and/or performance improvements.  Please send a resume for consideration.  Part time and Full time positions available.  Flexible at home positions available.
Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: We are looking for a talented and highly motivated senior engineer for a technical domain that comprises of customer data analytics and ML/DL models development to support different business use cases. Job Description: Discovering, analyzing, structuring and mining data Statistical hypotheses validation and model performance analysis Developing neural network models supporting business use cases Design and coordinate implementation of DL based solutions for production usage Deep understanding of data mining algorithms and statistical methods Experience in successfully applying machine learning to real-world problems Strong knowledge of Deep Learning frameworks: Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc Knowledge in python and packages for data analysis (scipy, numpy, pandas, matplotlib) Proficient in one or more of programming languages Scala, Java, C++ Strong knowledge of extracting and processing data with RDBMS/NoSQL Good communication skills and team player attitude Experience in Natural Language Processing/Understanding using deep neural networks ( RNN (LSTM, GRU) / CNN) is a plus Experience in working with GPU, profiling/low-level optimizations, Cuda/CuDNN is a plus Experience with one or more Container-ecosystem (Docker, Mesos, Kubernetes) is a plus Experience with BigData ecosystem Hadoop, Hive, Spark/PySpark is a plus We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
Job Description  Data Scientists sought by Dataline, Inc., in Princeton, NJ, to build statistical predictive models to identify target customers for clients; perform data extraction, processing and mining on large databases.  Requirements  MS or higher degree in statistics, applied mathematics, or related, or equivalent, 6 months experience, demonstrated knowledge of mathematical and statistical modeling, data mining, big data, applied regression, machine learning, design and analysis of data structures and algorithms, programming (C, C++, SQL, Python), R, SPSS, and Matlab.  How to Apply  Send CV w/ cover letter to:  Dataline Inc. 5 Vaughn Dr., Suite 307 Princeton, NJ 08540 Attn: Paul Sobel
8115 - Corp Office Canal Crossing - 101 S 15th Street, Richmond, Virginia, 23219 CarMax, the way your career should be! About this job It’s an exciting time at CarMax! After decades of success and a rise to becoming the largest used car retailer in the US, CarMax is focused on disrupting the auto industry once again through our transformation to a leading omni-channel retailer. To achieve this goal, CarMax has spent the last few years investing heavily in modernizing our digital and analytical infrastructure to support our customer-centric experience as the customer shopping journey continues to evolve online. We’re stitching data science throughout our business to drive a great customer experience and optimize our operations. As a Sr. Data Scientist in Acquisitions, you will join a team responsible for developing and maintaining algorithms and analytic tools that help CarMax attract and acquire in-market customers. You will play a key role in the optimization of customer acquisitions, be it via audience targeting, visitor scoring, multi-touch attribution, media mix modeling, or other such algorithmic solutions. You will be a leader in the analytic community – advancing the use of data science in this high impact area of our business. With millions of customer interactions every day, you’ll be tapping the industry’s best data to develop new algorithms and capabilities to acquire quality customers for CarMax and to enhance how those customers navigate their car buying journey. What you will do – Essential Responsibilities Leverage CarMax’s machine learning cloud environment to design, develop, & operationalize algorithms (e.g. statistical models, machine learning) that will directly impact critical areas of the CarMax business Assess performance of in-market algorithms and identify & act on opportunities for improvement Partner with teams across CarMax to explore new use cases for algorithms Design tests and develop strategies to collect data needed to improve algorithm performance and optimize acquisitions strategies Qualifications and Requirements To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Degree in Statistics, Data Science, or a related field 2+ years of experience in a relevant field Experience developing and maintaining data science algorithms in a business setting Experience designing and analyzing statistical tests Strong verbal and written communication skills with an ability to communicate complex concepts in simple terms & an ability to tie analytic results to business outcomes Strong results focus, project management, & teamwork Proficiency in coding for analysis and operationalization/automation (e.g. Python/R, SQL/Teradata) Experience in digital marketing, attribution modeling, or media mix modeling is a plus About CarMax CarMax disrupted the auto industry by delivering the honest, transparent and high-integrity experience customers want and deserve. This innovative thinking around the way cars are bought and sold has helped us become the nation’s largest retailer of used cars, with over 200 locations nationwide. Our amazing team of more than 25,000 associates work together to deliver iconic customer experiences. Along the way, we help every associate grow their career and achieve their best, at work and in their community. We are recognized for our commitment to training and diversity and are one of the FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®. CarMax is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, protected veteran status, age, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Upon an applicant's request, CarMax will consider reasonable accommodation to complete the CarMax Job Application.
DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE  Job Posting Notice Job ID 471188 Business Title Senior Data Analyst, Bureau of Equitable Health Systems Civil Service Title CITY RESEARCH SCIENTIST Title Classification Non-Competitive Job Category Constituent Services & Community Programs, Health, Policy, Research & Analysis Career Level Experienced (non-manager) Work Location 42-09 28th Street Division/Work Unit CHECW - EQTBLE. HLTH. SYS. # of Positions 1 Title Code No 21744 Level 03 Proposed Salary Range $ 46.23 - $ 57.42 (Hourly)  Job Description  **Starting August 2, all new NYC government hires must be vaccinated against COVID-19. There is not a testing alternative for people who are not vaccinated. If you are not vaccinated, you will not be hired by the City.**  THIS IS A PART-TIME CITY RESEARCH SCIENTITIST (35 HOURS/WEEK)   The Bureau of Equitable Health Systems (BEHS) in the Center for Health Equity and Community Wellness (CHECW) for the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) consists of a multi-disciplinary team that engages primary care providers, hospitals, and other healthcare systems to implement innovations and evidence-based strategies; leverages information to support planning and technical assistance for providers, payers, and organizations providing services in support of improved healthcare outcomes; advances policy to close the racial equity gap for priority health outcomes; and surfaces opportunities where health care can influence and connect individuals to social support and address the whole person, beyond physical ailments EHS is seeking a Senior Data Analyst within the Health Economics and Outcomes Research team in the Health Systems Planning and Policy Unit to support its ongoing work, including COVID 19-related efforts. The Senior Data Analyst is expected to collaborate with BEHS and other DOHMH staff in generating analyses that address health equity and inform health systems policy and planning development. A primary focus of the position is using surveillance and claims data to assess the impact of the pandemic on ambulatory and emergency conditions, creating provider and payer equity dashboards, better understanding the interaction of chronic diseases with COVID-19, and informing the city's pandemic response.   DUTIES WILL INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO:  Initiate and conduct statistical and spatial analyses using health care claims/utilization data, including Medicaid data extracted from the Salient Interactive Miner and the Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) data, surveillance data, and other available data sources such as the Office of Vital Statistics (OVS) data, the Community Health Survey (CHS), and the American Community Survey (ACS); Liaise and build partnerships with DOHMH programs and community and healthcare systems partners to address emerging community health issues and to initiate innovative research and analyses to advance policy and planning efforts; Translate research and analysis findings into content for presentation, reports, manuscripts, and journal articles; Coordinate with BEHS team members and other DOHMH programs, and provide direct support and consultations, as appropriate; Supervise junior analysts and interns as needed; and Perform other duties as assigned Minimum Qual Requirements  1. For Assignment Level I (only physical, biological and environmental sciences and public health) A master's degree from an accredited college or university with a specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological or environmental science or in public health.  To be appointed to Assignment Level II and above, candidates must have:  1. A doctorate degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and one year of full-time experience in a responsible supervisory, administrative or research capacity in the appropriate field of specialization; or  2. A master's degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and three years of responsible full-time research experience in the appropriate field of specialization; or  3. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" or "2" above. However, all candidates must have at least a master's degree in an appropriate field of specialization and at least two years of experience described in "2" above. Two years as a City Research Scientist Level I can be substituted for the experience required in "1" and "2" above.   NOTE:  Probationary Period  Appointments to this position are subject to a minimum probationary period of one year. Preferred Skills  Master's or Doctoral degree in statistics, social sciences, public policy, public health, or other related fields;Proficiency in managing and analyzing large administrative datasets, including Medicaid and hospital discharge data, using data management and statistical software (e.g., R, SAS, SQL, Stata); Proficiency in using GIS software, geocoding, and conducting spatial analysis;Experience in using software such as Tableau for data presentation and communication;Knowledge of health economics and health services research methods; Ability to design research projects, synthesize results, and present findings and recommendations in a succinct manner; Track record of developing innovative ideas and high-impact research; and Ability to multi-task, excellent communication skills, desire to solve complex problems. Additional Information  **IMPORTANT NOTES TO ALL CANDIDATES:  Please note: If you are called for an interview you will be required to bring to your interview copies of original documentation, such as: A document that establishes identity for employment eligibility, such as: A Valid U.S. Passport, Permanent Resident Card/Green Card, or Driver’s license. Proof of Education according to the education requirements of the civil service title. Current Resume.  Additional documentation may be required to evaluate your qualification as outlined in this posting’s “Minimum Qualification Requirements” section. Examples of additional documentation may be, but not limited to: college transcript, experience verification or professional trade licenses.  If after your interview you are the selected candidate you will be contacted to schedule an on-boarding appointment. By the time of this appointment you will be asked to produce the originals of the above documents along with your original Social Security card.  **LOAN FORGIVENESS  The federal government provides student loan forgiveness through its Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program (PSLF) to all qualifying public service employees. Working with the DOHMH qualifies you as a public service employee and you may be able to take advantage of this program while working full-time and meeting the program’s other requirements.  Please visit the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program site to view the eligibility requirements:  https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/forgiveness-cancellation/public-service  "FINAL APPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT & BUDGET APPROVAL” To Apply  Apply online with a cover letter to https://a127-jobs.nyc.gov/. In the Job ID search bar, enter: job ID number # 471188.  We appreciate the interest and thank all applicants who apply, but only those candidates under consideration will be contacted.  The NYC Health Department is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse and culturally responsive workforce. We strongly encourage people of color, people with disabilities, veterans, women, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender and gender non-conforming persons to apply.  All applicants will be considered without regard to actual or perceived race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, marital or parental status, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, age, prior record of arrest; or any other basis prohibited by law.  NOTE: This position is open to qualified persons with a disability who are eligible for the 55-a Program. Please indicate in your resume that you would like to be considered for the position under the 55-a Program Residency Requirement  New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview. POSTING DATE 08/03/2021 POST UNTIL 12/01/2021  The City of New York is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Summary Posted: Feb 17, 2021 Role Number:200224167 Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Build groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who built the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done through natural interaction. Join the Siri Understanding / Machine Hearing group at Apple. We are looking for exceptional machine learning infra&data engineers passionate about customer experiences, who love working with building the modeling foundation for ML production pipelines, which impacts the efficiency of delivering the best ML models in Apple products used by millions of customers all over the world. Key Qualifications Experiences in design, development and maintenance of tools for ML data and modeling pipelines, including big data processing, model training and evaluation, continuous integration and development, model quality monitoring and analytics Strong programming skills in C/C++ and/or Java/Scala as well as scripting languages such as Python and Bash Strong analytical skills and a real passion for efficiency of the data and modeling process Experience with expanding data processing and model deployment to multiple locales is preferred Knowledge and experience with AWS cloud computing and Kubernetes is preferred Prior experience working on analyzing and processing large amounts of data under Apache Hadoop and Spark is a plus Description You will be a part of a small, collaborative team of talented researchers and engineers responsible for building tools to process and manage training and test data, automate and optimize model training and evaluation process, and monitor the quality and efficiency of production models that machine hearing team builds and delivers. Directly contribute to the accuracy of Siri in all supported languages and devices. You should thrive in a fast paced environment with rapidly changing priorities, and collaborate well with other engineering teams at Apple. Education & Experience B.S or M.S in Computer Science, or equivalent experience
Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time.  We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Data Science and Business Intelligence team. Exploiting data is core to our business, and in this role you will have an opportunity to:  Enable world-class user experiences across all our products by developing and deploying predictive models Support the organization across a range of areas including: experimentation, fraud, market signals, business intelligence and data visualization Develop derivative data products from the crypto ecosystem (on-chain, exchanges, etc) for internal and external consumption.  We are looking for a Data Scientist who can leverage data and develop models to improve how Blockchain.com operates and how we serve our customers.   WHAT YOU WILL DO  In this role you will do some/all of:  Develop and deploy models that improve our user experience across all areas of our product, including onboarding, fraud, engagement and delivering insights to users. Support the company through accurate, timely and actionable business intelligence. Support experimentation within our products to align features with product goals. Develop models and analysis of the crypto ecosystem   WHAT YOU WILL NEED  The foremost quality for this position or any position at Blockchain is integrity. Fluency in the data science tech stack, including Python (pandas, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn) for data science/machine learning, analytics/visualisation/BI tools, and SQL Experience with data engineering concepts, ETL pipelines, and working with the Google Cloud Platform Strong understanding of probability, statistics and machine learning algorithms Commercial mind focused on impact, ability to translate business problems into a data science roadmap, and experience productionising results Strong communication skills, experience working in cross-functional teams and communicating technical results to stakeholders The highest of standards regarding security and privacy practices to keep our users safe. Desire to foster a hardworking, collaborative and creative team culture in one of the most challenging and dynamic industries in tech. A passion for data and crypto :)   COMPENSATION & PERKS  Full-time salary based on experience and meaningful equity in an industry-leading company. The opportunity to be a key player and build your career at a rapidly expanding, global technology company in an exciting, emerging industry. Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it. Remote working environment. Apple Equipment.   APPLICATION  Favorite GIF. LinkedIn profile. Link to github, stackoverflow, personal website and/or blog (if applicable).   When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by one or more of the following subsidiaries of Blockchain Luxembourg S.A (each, a "Controller"):  Blockchain Access UK Ltd. Blockchain (GB) Limited Blockchain (US), Inc. Blockchain (LT), UAB  You may contact our Data Protection Officer by email at dpo@blockchain.com. Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Controller's recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment.  Your personal data will be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America and engaged by Controller to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on Controller's behalf. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this site. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards under the standard contractual clauses.  Your personal data will be retained by Controller as long as Controller determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment. Under the GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have to right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority.
Tinder brings people together. With tens of millions of users and a presence in every country on earth, our reach is expansive and rapidly growing. The Analytics team powers data-informed decision-making at Tinder. We are looking to add a hardworking, creative Data Scientist to our growing team. As a Data Scientist on Analytics, you will partner with multiple teams - including Product, Marketing, Engineering, and Finance - to improve our extraordinary platform. You will use this comprehensive dataset to develop experiments, forecasting models, automated reports, and various exploratory insights to guide our business decisions. An effective Data Scientist at Tinder must have a passion and aptitude for turning sophisticated problems into concrete hypotheses that can be answered through thorough data analysis and A/B testing. They must also be able to disseminate their takeaways and recommendations to a variety of partners within our organization via presentations, reports, and dashboards. In this role, your insights will influence both the performance of our business and the experience of our users.   Responsibilities: Be a leader with a point of view for the organization, using data to constantly challenge and reshape our current understanding of customer behavior and business performance Derive and communicate data-driven recommendations regarding both the prioritization of potential product/marketing initiatives and performance of current initiatives Define and operationalize the detailed tracking of company-wide, team-specific, and product-specific performance metrics via rollup tables, dashboards, and automated reporting Design and analyze experiments to rigorously test a specific hypothesis Find the “story” in the data and readily share insights across the organization   Skills Required: No formal industry experience is required - we are looking for creative, tenacious problem solvers who are passionate about our product and excited to work with our rich, complex dataset Ability to develop a nuanced business understanding, testable hypotheses, and meaningful findings from data Eagerness to identify and explore new product/marketing opportunities, potential improvements to our data infrastructure, and unanswered questions about customer behavior Outstanding written and verbal communication skills, and a willingness to collaborate with business partners Comfort using descriptive and inferential statistics Experience with SQL and data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau or Mode) is highly recommended Familiarity with scripting languages, machine learning, advanced statistical techniques, and A/B testing is a plus   As part of our team, you’ll enjoy: Working on a product that has an immediate impact on people’s lives all around the worldCollaborating with a team of creative, fun and driven colleaguesComprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, 401(k) employer match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)Other perks and wellness benefits like a fitness membership subsidy, paid concierge medical membership, pet insurance offerings, and a commuter subsidyA robust Learning + Development offering including our MentorMatch program, access to a library of 6,000+ online learning courses through Udemy, and an annual L+D stipend Access to mental health resourcesFertility preservation benefitsNo Meeting Wednesdays and access to a wide range of product and service discounts through PerkspotCharitable donations match up to $15,000 annuallyMonthly and weekly interactive virtual events including Book Club, trivia with prizes and yoga workoutsThe opportunity to join six active Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) At Tinder, we don’t just accept difference — we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our product, and our community. We strive to make our workplace an inclusive and diverse environment, giving people from all walks of life the opportunity to have a voice. We champion and encourage those who bring different perspectives, ideas, and creativity to join our team dedicated to bringing people together across the globe. Tinder is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace where we welcome all people regardless of sex, gender identity, race, ethnicity, disability, or other lived experience.
Network Security Systems Plus, Inc. (NSSPlus) is a certified ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 27001:2013 Veteran-Owned Cybersecurity Company that serves on the cybersecurity frontier.DATA SCIENTISTRESPONSIBLE FORAnalyzing work products and recommending corrective actions, if necessary, to deliver at the specified quality level.LEVEL:Mid Level (5-7 Years of Experience)BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:U.S. CitizenshipSKILLS/EXPERIENCE:Enterprise experience as a Data Scientist, mining and analyzing data from various sources to drive decision support and improvement of organization strategies.The ability to assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources/attributes and data collection techniques. Working with structured and unstructured data to prepare in-depth analysis, this includes the normalization and canonicalization of data to ensure consistent inputs.Introduce validation and reporting techniques to ensure the veracity of data.Developing custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets and extract additional insights. Providing expertise in exploratory data analysis, pattern discovery and advanced analytical techniques.PROFESSIONAL SKILLS:A qualified candidate should also have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills as well as interpersonal skills to interact with customers, team members and upper management.EDUCATION REQUIREMENT:Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, professional training, or work experience.WORK LOCATION:Adelphi, MDTRAVEL REQUIREMENT:NoneSECURITY CLEARANCE: REQUIREMENT:TS/SCI security clearanceJob Type: Full-time
Duration:6+Months Responsibilities: Must have Skills: Data Analysis, SQL Quering. Nice to have skills: Data Quality and Master Data Management Data Engineer is responsible for building, managing, and optimizing reusable enterprise data pipelines effectively and in a timely manner through the development lifecycle to be used by internal consumers, such as business/data analysts and data scientists. The engineer would use both technical and analytical skills to understand and solve business problems using available resources and current technology stack, while ensuring data governance and data security compliance. The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion.
Job Description: PrimCorp is seeking to fill a Data Scientist to support the U.S. Space Force. Position is located at the Pentagon and/or Arlington, VA. Must have an active Top Secret SCI Security Clearance.   Job Requirements: Responsibilities Develop and maintain a robust data strategy and data infrastructure to access, integrate, cleanse, govern, store, and prepare data for analytics and visualization through a Space Common Operating Picture (CoP). Support presentation of mission-relevant data across space power disciplines that potentially includes cybersecurity.
Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location for this position from the following: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA Minimum qualifications:  Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in virtualization or cloud native architectures in a customer-facing or support role. Experience with big data, machine learning, and numerical programming frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, Python, MATLAB). Experience in performing technical presentations or public speaking. Preferred qualifications:  Advanced education in a technical field (Computer Science, Engineering and Mathematics). Experience in and understanding of data and information management as it relates to big data trends and issues within businesses. Experience building machine learning solutions and leveraging specific machine learning architectures (e.g., deep learning, LSTM, convolutional networks.) Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems. Ability to learn quickly, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT Technology space. About the job The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and build what's next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. Our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will play a key role in understanding the needs of our customers and help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Sales Engineer, you will work directly with Technical Sales teams as a machine learning subject matter expert to differentiate Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features, helping customers design architectures, and problem-solving any potential roadblocks. Additionally, you will have the opportunity to help customers to leverage specialized machine learning (ML) hardware developed by Google (e.g., Tensor Processing Unit). In this role, you will work closely with customers and product development to shape the TPU platform. Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions. We deliver enterprise-grade cloud solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology to help companies operate more efficiently and adapt to changing needs, giving customers a foundation for the future. Customers in more than 150 countries turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to solve their most critical business problems. Responsibilities Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, understand key customer technical objections, and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers. Provide in-depth machine learning expertise to support the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including product and solution briefings and proof-of-concept work. Partner directly with product management to prioritize solutions impacting customer adoption to Google Cloud. Work directly with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments. Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms, and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud. Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
Triangulate Labs is looking for a Data Science Engineer who will work closely with our technically minded founders to build and validate predictive analytics models using machine learning. You can expect to work on internal research and development as well as specific client engagements. What we’re looking for: Strong probability and statistics background Proficient in predictive analytics Proficient with Python and/or R and current high-performance machine learning libraries Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field– Advanced degree is a plus Collaborative attitude Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future This is a full-time position based in Cincinnati, Ohio. Telecommuting may be considered for experienced candidates. Interested in joining our team? If you are ready to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, apply by sending your resume and cover letter to contact@triangulatelabs.com.
Overview ABOUT US Wake Forest Baptist Health is a preeminent academic health system based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Wake Forest Baptist Health’s two main components are an integrated clinical system – anchored by Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center, an 885-bed tertiary-care hospital in Winston-Salem, Brenner Children’s Hospital, five community hospitals, more than 350 primary and specialty care locations and more than 2,500 physicians; and Wake Forest School of Medicine, a recognized leader in experiential medical education and groundbreaking research, including Wake Forest Innovations, a commercialization enterprise focused on advancing health care through new medical technologies and biomedical discovery. TO APPLY If viewing this position outside of WFBH’s website, please go to wakehealth.edu/careers and search for job by title. JOB SUMMARY Under general supervision, provide statistical support for a wide variety of research projects under the supervision of senior biostatisticians. Opportunity to work remotely, must live in North Carolina.  EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree in statistics or a related field of study. Experience in analyzing data using statistical packages preferred. SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS Knowledge and experience with SAS and/or BMDP programming language. Knowledge and experience with data processing and programming languages. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Provide data analysis support for biostatisticians and faculty members by writing statistical computer programs. Produce tables and graphics for statistical reports using a variety of computer languages. Prepare datasets for analysis by merging files, creating analysis variables, editing data, and developing documentation. Assist with interpretation of analysis results. Perform other duties as assigned by leadership. WORK ENVIRONMENT Clean, comfortable, office environment
At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible — and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way. When you join #TeamAmex, you become part of a diverse community of over 60,000 colleagues, all with a common goal to deliver an exceptional customer experience every day. Introduction: Finance Technology & Transformation is an integral part of the Finance organization and our objective is to make Finance more efficient and effective while continuing to provide outstanding service and value to our business partners, customers and shareholders. As part of Finance Data Management (FDM) initiative, we are investing in an integrated technology platform that serves as Finance’s single source for acquiring, enriching, and provisioning all data required by Finance processes. This position is part of the FDM team and is responsible for building, deploying and managing automated solutions for managing extremely large datasets in partnership with American Express Technologies. Responsibilities: This role will primarily be responsible for understanding Finance’s data and data profiling requirements and designing automated solutions for: Leveraging machine learning and decision science techniques, identify and resolve data anomalies across data sets containing tens, or even hundreds, of millions of records Leveraging machine learning and decision science techniques, identify data quality issues across different dimensions (e.g, completeness, timeliness) and recommend solutions Leveraging machine learning and decision science techniques, efficiently determine mapping recommendations across data sets of tens, or even hundreds of millions of records Using data sets containing hundreds of millions or billions of records, develop data predictive modeling that incorporates behaviors and increased level of data granularity Provide data profiling statistics/characteristics to Collibra for use in the Enterprise data catalog. Design data structures and views to support the reporting/dashboard delivery for data governance and management Produce data profiling reports for onboarding teams and Data Governance Build and maintain data profiling models (for data completeness and anomaly detection) in production Participate in development of plans and strategies, best practices, and standards related to data management processes, data products, data security and programs Contribute to decisions about tools, methods, and approaches Identify opportunities to adopt innovative technologies Understand the data linkages to other Finance areas, such as Tax, Treasury, External Reporting, and other areas  This position will report to the Director, Finance Data Management.  Masters or equivalent experience in a quantitative field – Data Science, Quantitative Social Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Computer Science Solid understanding of various Finance disciplines such as Accounting, Financial Reporting, Regulatory Reporting, Management Reporting, Treasury, Tax, Banking and others, credit card lifecycle and related business concepts Ability to correlate similar data to find actionable results. Proficiency in SQL, SAS, Hive, Python, R, Machine Learning Techniques, Jupyter Notebooks, PySpark, Machine Learning Model selection, or EDA (Exploratory Data Analysis), familiarity with Data Science Life Cycle Tableau or other visualization tools experience is strongly preferred Previous experience working with large volumes of data, architecting data solutions, extracting insights via SQL or equivalent tools, and supporting analytic and reporting platforms is desired. Transformational approach to Process efficiency and effectiveness. Proven ability to work on ambiguous projects, with the ability to break down and execute on complex ideas Be data-driven, outcome-focused and fast learner Results driven approach with an ability to convert strategic vision into clear project outcomes. Strong analytical, organizational, and problem-solving skills with good attention to detail Ability to explain complex mathematical concepts and present in business terms to senior leaders Ability to solve ad-hoc business problems independently and projects while adhering to deadlines Strong relationship management and conflict resolution skills with a proven track of positively collaborating, influencing and extensively coordinating with internal and external partners. Excellent communication, both written and verbal, facilitation and technical writing skills. Must be able to communicate results to stakeholders including non-finance people. Must be a self-starter with an ability to drive large scale change. Understanding of the American Express businesses and processes at a high level is a plus.  American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law. Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions. Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations.
Key Role: Explore and exploit data sources through the use and creation of scientific processes and technologies to uncover and communicate business insights. Apply specific functional knowledge and working or general industry knowledge. Develop and contribute to solutions to a variety of problems of moderate scope and complexity. Work independently with some guidance. Mentor activities of more junior employees. Basic Qualifications:Experience with programming in Python, C or JavaExperience with machine learning, including linear, tree based, and deep learning based methods and regularization approaches for eachExperience with using GPUs for machine learning using frameworks, including PyTorch or TensorFlowKnowledge of mathematics and statistics, including coursework in the theory of probability, statistical inference, algorithms, linear algebra, and calculusAbility to derive a variationally inference procedure mathematically for a novel model and implement the inference procedure in a framework, including PyTorch or NumpyAbility to obtain a security clearanceBA or BS degree Additional Qualifications: Experience with application areas of machine learning, including computer vision, natural language processing, and learning on graphsExperience with Bayesian deep learning and Gaussian processesExperience with building complex data pipelinesKnowledge of cloud systems, including AWS, Azure, or GCPAbility to communicate results to both technical and non-technical audiences effectivelyAbility to work independently on complex tasksMA or MS or PhD degree in Physics, CS, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, or Engineering Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. CMD
Summary: The School of Information at the University of California, Berkeley seeks applications for multiple Postdoctoral Scholars, in the area of Data Science, at 100% time, to help conduct research, teach in, build, and be an integral part of our web-based Master of Information and Data Science program.  The number of positions varies from semester to semester, depending on the needs of the school. Positions typically start in January, May, and August, and appointments may be renewed based on need, funding, and performance. Due to budget restrictions, no funding is available for visa or relocation expenses.  The position will include teaching sections in our online Master’s program, research collaboration, and participating in the intellectual community at the School and on the Berkeley campus. Research responsibilities include pursuing a self-directed research agenda, presenting current research to the community, and participating in research exchange events. Teaching responsibilities include lecturing, holding office hours, grading, assigning grades, advising students, and preparing course materials. In addition to teaching responsibilities, general duties include: hold office hours, assign grades, advise students, prepare course materials (e.g., syllabus), provide clear and prompt feedback on student work, and maintain the course website with support from the graduate student instructor (GSI). Postdocs are expected to teach up to 8 small sections per year as a Lecturer.  About The I School UC Berkeley’s newest school, the School of Information (I School), was created in 1994 to address one of society’s most compelling challenges: the need to organize and make sense of the abundance of information that we can now collect, store, and share without regard for cost or distance. The way we organize, represent, govern, and make sense of this information will shape our ability to achieve public as well as private goals.  The I School educates professionals and scholars to understand the problems and possibilities of information, to develop models of information practice, and to design useful and usable information applications, services, and solutions. This requires insights from diverse fields. Our faculty includes scholars and professionals with deep expertise in information and computer science, social sciences, management, law, design, and policy, as well as related fields.  The I School offers three professional master’s degrees and an academic doctoral degree. Our MIMS program trains students for careers as information professionals and emphasizes small classes and project-based learning. Our MIDS program trains data scientists to manage and analyze the coming onslaught of big data, in a unique high-touch online degree. Our MICS program prepares cybersecurity leaders with the technical skills and contextual knowledge necessary to develop solutions for complex cybersecurity challenges. Our Ph.D. program equips scholars to develop solutions and shape policies that influence how people seek, use, and share information.  Our students and graduates work at well-known Bay Area companies that include Apple, Google, Facebook, Salesforce, Twitter, and LinkedIn, as well as at nonprofits like Kaiser Permanente and established businesses like Wells Fargo and Chevron. Many of our graduates take advantage of the opportunity to get in on the ground floor to create or work for start-ups.  Basic Qualifications (by time of application): PhD (or equivalent international degree). Preferred Qualifications: Successful candidates will have earned a doctoral degree in a field such as Data Science, Information, Information Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Political Science, Sociology, Law, or Economics.  The Data Science postdoc will have teaching and research experience in at least one of the following core areas: Research design and data analysis Applied statistics. Data engineering, storage, retrieval Visualizing and communicating data Applied machine learning. Privacy, security, and ethics of data Experiments and causal inference Very-large-scale data mining and analysis Applied regression and time series analysis. Deep learning Social network analysis Natural language processing A record of authored publications or articles in preparation. The ability to be self-directed with broadly-defined limits on assignments. Excellent communication skills, both oral and written A record of fostering an inclusive and welcoming learning environment for people from diverse backgrounds. Salary: Starting salaries are typically in the range of $60,000 to $65,000 per year and commensurate with qualifications and experience. This position is in a represented bargaining unit. The total duration of an individual's postdoctoral service may not exceed five years, including postdoctoral service at other institutions.  www.excelonassociates.com #UCB
The Associate Dean of Research at the Boston University (BU) School of Medicine is excited to announce a new faculty position to start in Summer or Fall 2021 to lead innovative data science scholarship and work collaboratively with School of Medicine faculty from various biomedical disciplines, and to teach and mentor students, with the possibility of a secondary appointment with the Faculty of Computing and Data Sciences for qualified and interested candidates.   Position Qualifications.  Successful applicants at any faculty rank will direct the Biomedical Data Science Core, actively engage in both methodological and collaborative research; participate in teaching and mentoring students in the School’s MD, MS, and PhD programs and provide service to the school, university, and profession. This creative faculty member will:  hire, develop and manage a dedicated staff for the Applied Biomedical Data Science Core within the Boston University School of Medicine Data Science Initiative, with expertise in data science, big data analytics, machine learning, or related disciplines. work with investigators from a wide variety of biomedical disciplines (genomics, proteomics, large cohorts, etc) to incorporate bioinformatics and data science approaches into their research. write relevant sections of grant applications as key personnel with other investigators to obtain funding for projects and of manuscripts for publication. develop and deliver training workshops and develop course in biomedical data science and related topics contributing to the medical education program. develop innovative methods to support biological and medical research, and pursue their own research projects.   The successful applicant must have a biomedical mindset, and:  Significant expertise in data science methods, high throughput sequence analysis, programming in bash, python, and R, and use of high-performance compute cluster technologies. A PhD in an applicable field, such as Bioinformatics, Computer Science, Applied Statistics, Biology, Biochemistry, etc, or equivalent experience. Excellent communication and management skills with the ability to work independently on multiple complex projects simultaneously are critical. Demonstrated research record, a strong commitment to teaching.   The School of Medicine is internationally recognized for their innovation in research and scholarship in a diverse range of areas of data science including genetics and gemomics, clinical trials, surveillance, longitudinal studies, and risk prediction. Medical School faculty are the principal investigators of several large clinical trials and observational studies such as the renowned Framingham Heart Study, and the Black Women's Health Study. Their work has contributed new knowledge in the fields of cardiovascular disease, dementia and Alzheimer's disease, osteoporosis and arthritis, nutrition, healthy aging and extreme longevity. Many of these findings have been effectively translated into current clinical practice.   The School of Medicine believes that the cultural and social diversity of our faculty, staff, and students is vitally important to the distinction and excellence of our research and academic programs. We seek a colleague who will support our institutional commitment to ensuring that BU is inclusive, equitable, and diverse. BU is an AAU institution with a rich tradition dedicated to inclusion and social justice. As the first medical school to award an MD to a Black woman and the first American university to award a Ph.D. to a woman, we are proud to continue our tradition of educating a diverse and talented student body. The Boston University School of Medicine’s strategic plan fostering a diverse and inclusive community recognizing that diversity of experience deepens the intellectual endeavor.   Boston University is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are a VEVRAA Federal Contractor.   DO NOT APPLY THROUGH THE BU WEBSITE:  Applicants should provide their curriculum vitae; a cover letter; a research statement describing their research interests and previous experience; a teaching statement; a diversity statement that details how their research, mentoring, and teaching will promote diversity and inclusivity at our school; and three letters of reference. Please email your application materials to: Eliana Bolanos, Executive Assistant, School of Medicine - Office of Associate Dean for Research at bolanos@bu.edu  Required Skills  Required Experience
Required Technical Skill set:Hands-On Experience in Python EcoSystesms – Pandas, Numpy, Scikit LearnExperience in machine learning models and SQLExperience in Business Intelligence, Data Visualization, Data warehousing, and TableauVery good experience in EDA exploratory data AnalysisGood Communication skills for Data Analytics related Requirements gathering and business communicationsWe are not looking for only statistical experience candidates, but statistical knowledge would add an advantage, primary experience should be in data science models creation.Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:Monday to FridayApplication Question(s):Experience in Business Intelligence, Data Visualization, Data warehousing and TableauEducation:Master's (Preferred)Experience:Python EcoSystesms – Pandas, Numpy, Scikit Learn: 2 years (Required)machine learning models and SQL: 1 year (Required)EDA exploratory data Analysis: 2 years (Required)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Data, Research & Insights Trust & Safety We are seeking an outstanding Natural Language Processing/Machine Learning Research Scientist to join our growing Trust & Safety / Algorithmic Impact team. Location New York or Remote Americas Job type Permanent What You'll Do You will apply your scientific knowledge to analyze and collect data, identify problems, devise solutions and construct methodologies related to algorithmic impact, content moderation and policy enforcement, and conduct studies and experiments to validate new approaches. You will develop proactive and scalable signals for detecting abusive content across audio, text, image, and video formats. You will conduct research to support data-based investigations into potential content and behavioral abuses, and improve the effectiveness of interventions and proactive signals to detect abuses. You will convert content policies and different perspectives on online and offline harm and current trends into the development of new technologies to address those abuses at scale. You will translate expert leads and new external insights into concrete signals and analyses, and contribute to a deeper understanding of the safety landscape. You will convert content policies and different perspectives on online and offline harm and current trends into the development of new technologies to address those abuses at scale. You will work in collaboration with other research scientists, policy managers, data scientists, and other cross-functional partners to research, evaluate, and iterate on signals to ensure that content and algorithmic policies can be developed and enforced consistently and at scale around the world. You will have direct policy and product impact, while furthering a long-term research roadmap, and you will maintain active in the research community. You must be comfortable reviewing or being exposed to sensitive content, and having related conversations with colleagues. Who You Are You have a sophisticated understanding of natural language processing and information retrieval You have a PhD in one of natural language processing, computer science, machine learning, information retrieval, HCI or related areas You are a collaborative teammate with validated experience to work cross functionally, and have great mentoring and leadership skills. You have a deep interest in online safety trends and the global landscape, and a passion for platform responsibility around podcasts, music and user-generated content. You have previous experience handling partners in urgent and sensitive situations, and communicating with leadership. This includes communication and presenting clear in-depth results and their limitations to partners without research or engineering backgrounds. You have prior publications in research communities such as WWW, RecSys, SIGIR, ICML, AAAI, ACL, EMNLP, CHI or related. You possess solid hands-on skills in sourcing, cleaning, manipulating, analyzing, visualizing and modeling of real data You are able to break complex problems into manageable steps that have an immediate impact on critical, real-world projects, without losing sight of long-term roadmaps. Where You'll Be We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them! Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the Americas region in which we have a work location Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about our Work From Anywhere options here. Working hours? We mostly operate within the Eastern Standard time zone for collaboration Our global benefits Extensive learning opportunities, through our dedicated team, GreenHouse. Flexible share incentives letting you choose how you share in our success. Global parental leave, six months off - fully paid - for all new parents. All The Feels, our employee assistance program and self-care hub. Flexible public holidays, swap days off according to your values and beliefs. Spotify On Tour, join your colleagues on trips to industry festivals and events. Learn about life at Spotify Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 345 million users.
Data Analyst (Junior) supports the data science team in providing the Army Intelligence Enterprise Data Science Support at Fort Bragg, NC: Duties include: Apply statistics, machine learning and analytic approaches to answer key intelligence questions, producing results and re-usable products that provide real value to Intelligence Analysts. Work with analysts to interpret analytic results and refine analysis as needed. Apply machine learning techniques to identify and transform data features, find hidden patterns and trends, build and optimize classifiers, create automated anomaly detection systems, and automate steps of the intelligence process. Evaluate statistical models to determine the validity of analyses, implement evaluated models into production by collaborating with software developers, periodically re-evaluate and refine machine learning models being used in production. Coordinate between Intelligence Analysts and Data Scientists to refine and implement models and monitor outcomes. Work with Data Scientists to develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy to ensure the model deployment and maintenance is taken into consideration for the lifecycle of the model. Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers, analysts and other stakeholders and shall provide information regarding dataset applicability to the stakeholder?s mission and for the intelligence community. Collaborate with Intelligence Analysts to understand needs and devise possible solutions. 5.4.9 Document all processes, models and activities by developing, documents, and implement a configuration management plan for data sets to ensure that the application will be able to obtain an authority to operate (ATO). This plan shall be used to control changes due to stakeholder?s intelligence functional requirements. Keep up-to-date with latest data science tradecraft and technology. Curate and collect the data from a variety of traditional and non-traditional sources: extract data from sources, transform and integrate data in line with existing data, and load data into data stores for access by others.  Clearance: Top Secret with SCI eligibility, Candidate must be willing to complete and pass a CI Scope Polygraph. Education: Bachelors Degree in Data Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field. An Associates in Data Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field with three (3) total years of experience will be accepted in lieu of a Bachelors Degree. Experience: One (1) year as a data analyst. If candidate has an Associates Degree, three (3) years of experience as a data analyst is required. Additional Desired Qualifications: Requires the following regarding Languages, Tools, and Techniques: Documented proficiency with R or Python, and SQL to manipulate data and draw insights from large and small data sets. Documented experience implementing a variety of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and knowledge of their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Documented experience implementing statistical techniques and concepts(regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.)and applications. Documented experience visualizing/presenting data for stake holders. Documented experience with MSOffice tools including Excel, PowerPoint, and Word. Documented experience with AWS, in particular products related to: analytics, compute, database, developer tools, and machine learning. Skilled with data retrieval and storage, visualization and warehousing, and extract-transform-load (ETL) processes. Knowledge of database solutions including SQL, NoSQL (e.g. MongoDB) and graph (e.g. Neo4j) Knowledge of data visualization tools, such as D3.js, ggplot, Bokeh, etc.
Summary Posted: May 29, 2020 Role Number:200173093 Our team builds, maintains, and evolves the on-device user interfaces and frameworks that power the voice input experience across iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, and Watch. We work on exploring new innovations to improve the voice input experience for customers around the world in the many languages they speak. If you're passionate about using your voice as an input method, have strong ownership and good communication skills, and enjoy seeing your work used all over the world then we may have the job for you! Key Qualifications Strong Objective-C, or C/C++ coding skills System programming experience with daemons, frameworks, multithreading, and IPC (XPC). Performance analysis and tuning experience including memory usage, CPU utilization, Power/Battery usage, leak checking, etc. Excellent communication, organizational skills, and ability to work in a diverse group Highly professional, with the ability to deliver solid work on tight schedules Description As a member of our team, you will make substantial contributions to the voice input experience on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV and Watch. Daily duties will include working with multi-functional teams to drive Voice Input features to support new initiatives, developing UI and framework improvements to support existing and new features, shipping high-quality software, being responsive to emerging issues, as well as helping develop a vision for the future of the product. Education & Experience BS degree in Computer Science / Engineering or equivalent experience.
Description: SUBFUNCTION DEFINITION\: Nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing program and have passed a national licensing exam.  CCHMC SALARY GRADE\:10   REPRESENTATIVE RESPONSIBILITIES  Compliance - Patient Services Staff Sustain a working understanding of regulatory requirements and accreditation standards. Support leadership in Compliance efforts to meet and sustain the regulatory compliance efforts of the department and hospital. Be mindful and judicious in monitoring safety and departmental policies and procedures. Ensure all individual certifications and Safety College requirements are fulfilled in a timely basis. Work with department managers, nurse council and magnet representatives to identify and share safety best practices. Be mindful of CCHMCs processes and compliance with CMS standards and freely communicate safety and compliance concerns to leadership team members. Interprofessional Practice\: Demonstrates consistent integration of the Interprofessional Practice Model (IPM) in all aspects of practice. Patient Care - Age Specific and Culturally Diverse Consistently integrates age specific and culturally diverse concepts into patient care, taking into consideration both the patient's chronological age and developmental functioning. Clinical judgment when performing caring practices Collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols. Matches formal knowledge with clinical events to make appropriate decisions; uses available resources as needed. Documents plan of care, care delivered, and patient and family outcomes. Focuses on the usual and customary needs of the patient and family; anticipates future needs; bases care on standards and protocols; maintains a safe physical environment; acknowledges death as a potential outcome. Consistently integrates age specific concepts into patient care, taking into consideration both the patient's chronological age and developmental functioning. Using self-management support, develops care goals and actions through partnerships with patients and families. Facilitates patient and family learning by providing structured education based on the plan of care goals, and the needs of the patient and family; uses teach back to evaluate effectiveness. Uses systems thinking Sees the pieces or components; sees patient and family within the isolated environment of the unit; sees self as key resource to support the family through the healthcare experience through care coordination. Sustains a working understanding of regulatory requirements and accreditation standards. Supports leadership in efforts to meet and sustain the regulatory compliance efforts of the department and hospital. Monitors and complies with safety and departmental policies and procedures. Ensures individual certifications and Safety College requirements are fulfilled in a timely basis. Is mindful of CCHMCs processes and compliance with CMS standards and freely communicates safety and compliance concerns to leadership team members. Clinical inquiry & performance review to improve practice Follows standards and guidelines; implements clinical changes and research-based practices developed by others; recognizes the need for further learning to improve patient care; recognizes routine or obvious changing patient situation (e.g., deterioration, crisis); in unusual care situations, seeks help when needed to identify patient problem. Uses self-appraisal performance review and peer review, including annual goal setting, for assurance of competence and professional development to promote safe and ethical practice using the nursing process. Demonstrates openness to coaching and mentoring from others. Facilitates learning by assisting with peer and student learning experiences. Works with department managers, nurse council and magnet representatives to identify, share, implement and evaluate safety best practices. Exhibits advocacy, moral agency and response to diversity Works on behalf of patient and family; assesses personal values; aware of ethical conflicts/issues that may surface in clinical setting; makes ethical/moral decisions based on rules; represents patient when patient cannot represent self; aware of patients' rights. Assesses cultural diversity. Recognizes the potential impact of culture on the patient/family experience, and incorporates culturally diverse concepts into patient care. Collaborates with team using shared decision making Is receptive to the contributions of the interdisciplinary team in team meetings and discussion regarding patient issues. Participates in shared governance at the point-of-care as a member of unit-based councils or by demonstrating awareness and contributing to shared decision making (reading minutes, giving feedback and implementing council decisions).  Qualification:  EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Administers hemodialysis treatment to patients in a chronic (outpatient) or acute setting (inpatient floors, usually NICU, PICU, A4N, BMT) Monday through Saturday 6\:30am-5\:00pm Weekends are either\: Every other Saturday OR Every 3rd or 4th Saturday including on call Saturday evening through Monday AM Call is coming into the hospital to complete a hemodialysis treatment. Call is usually 1-2 days/week  Required\: BSN from ACEN or CCNE accredited institution or MSN + 1 year of RN experience Associate/Diploma prepared RNs from ACEN or CCNE accredited institution with 2 years exp. If hired as an external candidate without BSN or MSN, must enroll in a BSN or MSN program within 1 year of hire date and complete program within 5 years of hire date Other state licensure may be required for specific positions H-1B visa sponsorship is not available  Preferred\: BSN from ACEN or CCNE accredited institution or MSN critical care experience Dialysis experience Unique Skills\: Development Knowledge of growth and development Family-centered care Understands and support family-centered care Clinical Knowledge Professional knowledge and clinical ability sufficient to provide quality care Diversity Appreciation Understanding and showing respect and appreciation for the uniqueness of all individuals; leveraging differences in others' perspectives and ideas; appreciating cultural differences and adjusting one's approach to successfully integrate with others who are different from oneself Self-development Persistently seeking feedback from others as well as opportunities to update and master job-relevant knowledge; volunteering for training and development opportunities; changing behavior in response to feedback and experience Emotional Resilience Remaining composed and calm when faced with setbacks, disappointments, rejection, crises, stress or pressure; readily putting aside concerns to get the job done; taking a problem solving rather than an emotional approach when faced with a difficult situation; being even-tempered and non-defensive Self-Awareness Accurately identifying one's strengths and weaknesses; using this knowledge to identify necessary resources Communication Excellent verbal, written and/or interpersonal communication skills Physical Capability Capable of bending, lifting (up to 110 lbs) and standing; demonstrate physical ability to perform necessary tasks.
IAI is looking for a talented & self-motivated Research Scientist / Engineer with experience in machine learning to join our network and security team. This is an opportunity to join a diverse & dynamic team to gain experience and exposure to cutting edge research and development.  You are highly encouraged to apply if you are excited about latest technologies in machine learning, networking, and wireless communications; interested in performing research studies and applying them into applications throughout the software stack and hardware platforms. The candidate should have strong analytical and coding skills, be passionate about understanding how things work, and want to solve complex problems.  JOB DUTIES Perform R&D in machine learning. Develop and implement algorithms for machine learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, federated learning, adversarial machine learning, and their applications in networks, security, communications, edge computing, computer vision, and natural language processing. Summarize research results. Work with a team to develop new algorithms and modules suitable for integration into production framework. Develop, test and document software.  REQUIRED SKILLS Proficient in programming languages (e.g., Python and C/C++) and software tools (e.g., TensorFlow and PyTorch) Research publication record is a plus. EDUCATION A BS, MS or PhD degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field is required  About IAI  IAI is a technology innovation company specializing in providing advanced technology solutions and R&D services to federal agencies and corporations. IAI leverages agile R&D processes, a multi-disciplinary collaborative environment, and its substantial intellectual property portfolio to excel in developing concepts into market-focused products and customer-driven solutions. IAI’s core R&D areas include: AI & Advanced Computing; Autonomy & Robotics; Healthcare Research Technologies; Modeling, Simulation & Visualization; and Networks & Cyber Security; and Radar, Communications & Sensors. For more information about IAI please visit www.i-a-i.com . US Citizenship or Permanent Residency required  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.   Requisition ID: 21-1326
Summary Posted: Jun 25, 2021 Role Number:200260946 Text input through the Keyboard and Pencil are some of the most pervasive and personal ways users interact and input text on Apple devices every day. Are you interested in shaping the future of the most challenging, impactful and ubiquitous problems in input experience across languages and Apple platforms? Come join the Input Experience NLP team in Software Engineering. Our team works on research, development and deployment of input experiences across all Apple platforms. Every touch on the keyboard, every stroke on Apple Pencil and every scene text embedded in an image uses the algorithms, software and machine learning models that our team builds. We also build all the NLP APIs that are pervasively used across the OS and by third-party developers through the Natural Language framework. We exemplify Apple’s outstanding integration of hardware and software to create seamless input experiences. This includes work across sensor input, natural language processing, optimization of the models for different hardware backends and user interfaces that make the experience magical. Our vision always includes a deep dedication to strengthening Apple’s privacy policy by achieving all of the above on device with state-of-the-art ML. We are looking for a world-class Distinguished Machine Learning Engineer to innovate and enhance the input experience across all Apple platforms. If you are passionate about using state-of-the-art ML for building phenomenal ML/NLP technologies, products and impacting user experience across billions of users, this is the job for you. The role will require you to set new directions, persuade leadership and execute your vision into deliverables. You will have wide impact across Apple with strong multi-functional collaboration across teams in hardware, software and design. Come join us! Here are a selection of relevant WWDC presentations focusing on technologies: https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2020/10657/ https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2019/232/ https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2018/713/ https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2017/208/ Key Qualifications Exemplary ability to design, perform experiments and influence engineering direction and product roadmap Hands-on expertise in NLP and machine learning Experience partnering with engineering teams and transferring research to production Proven record of research innovation and visionary leadership in NLP and ML Track-record of publications history in credible conferences and journals Experience solving analytical problems with quantitative approaches Description As a distinguished engineer on our team, you will lead, research, design and develop machine learning models for input experience across all Apple platforms. Your role will have a direct impact on shaping the future of input technology roadmap. You will work closely with the engineering teams, perform hands-on experiments utilizing state-of-the-art NLP and ML, derive insights from experiments and convert them into features that reach the hands of billions of users. Education & Experience PhD in Computer Science or a related field with a focus on NLP and machine learning
Career Area: Information Analytics Job Description: Your Work Shapes the World Whether it be groundbreaking products, best in class solutions or creating a lifelong career, you can do the work that matters at Caterpillar. With a 95-year legacy of quality and innovation and 150 locations in countries around the world, your impact spans the globe. When you join Caterpillar, you are joining a team of makers, innovators and doers. We are the people who roll up our sleeves and do the work to build a better world. We don’t just talk about progress and innovation. We make it happen. And we are proud of that because it helps our customers build and power the world we live in – the roads, hospitals, homes and infrastructure. Without a dedicated workforce Caterpillar could not effectively meet our customer’s needs. Join us. Description: Caterpillar uses quantitative methods such as business simulations, data mining, and advanced statistical techniques to solve problems. The Data Scientist contributes to this mission by leveraging his or her quantitative analysis, data management, modeling and/or data visualization skills as an individual contributor to project teams tasked with solving business problems. The principal responsibility of the Data Scientist is to be an independent contributor to multi-person analytic teams. This position has a depth of knowledge in quantitative analytic methods, data management, and or associated digital technologies suitable to handle all but the most complex issues. Data Scientist are expected to be familiar with the company’s processes, products, and organization, as well as its customers, competitors, and stakeholders. Work is typically directed by a direct supervisor, project or team lead through a review of results. Decisions on routine, medium risk issues that may affect the project team, suppliers or internal customers may be made by this position. Challenges include meeting expectations in delivering results, learning to refine solutions to better fit complex situations, making timely decisions, and communicating effectively with all project stakeholders. The Information Scientist III also mentors and develops the capabilities and organizational knowledge of more junior data scientists. Basic Requirements: Fields of study include computer science, business, mathematics, economics, statistics, engineering or in a related field · 4-year degree from an accredited college or university & 4-5 years of business insights and visualization experience OR · Master’s degree & 2-3 years of business insights and visualization experience OR · PhD & 1-3 years of business insights and visualization experience Top Candidate Will Also Have: · Experience with Agile framework for project management methodologies and demonstrated strong abilities in data visualization tools such as Power BI. · Identify and merge data sources to provide a safe source for reporting · Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and Snowflake to extract, transform, and load (ETL) data. · Create user-friendly tools to enable data-driven decisions by leadership. · Experience with cloud · Experience with solution integration or solution architecture practices, IT operations, & data governance · Experience with Data mapping, integration, and transformation to a data warehouse · Coordinate with internal stakeholders to deploy data science models into production and monitor their performance · Perform data related tasks which could include data analysis, data quality, user access management, and troubleshooting of data issues · Programming experience in Python, R, or SAS · Experience in data modelling principles/methods including conceptual, logical, and physical data models. · Familiarity with DevOps systems, such as GitLab · Broad experience building different types of advanced analytic solutions, including some of the following: time series analysis, cluster analysis, tree-based algorithms, generalized linear models, or neural networks. · Train and validate predictive models using a range of Machine Learning algorithms to support targeted customer · Support the building of tools to automate data collection and model multidimensional datasets · Ability to clearly communicate vision and complex technical ideas, data science initiatives and insights to all levels of users within the organization Additional Details: · Remote work is offered within the United States · 10% travel is expected · “IL – Country of United States” is used for posting reasons only. This position is open to remote work. Employee benefit details: Our goal at Caterpillar is for you to have a rewarding career. Our teams are critical to the success of our customers who build a better world. Here you earn more than just a salary, because we value your performance. We offer a total rewards package that provides day one benefits [medical, dental, vision, RX, and 401(k)] along with the potential of an annual bonus. Additional benefits include paid vacation days and paid holidays (prorated based upon hire date). Final details: Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status. This employer is not currently hiring foreign national applicants that require or will require sponsorship tied to a specific employer, such as H, L, TN, F, J, E, O. As a global company, Caterpillar offers many job opportunities outside of the U.S. which can be found through our employment website at www.Caterpillar.com/Careers #LI-Remote EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals - Including minorities, females, veterans and individuals with disabilities - are encouraged to apply. Not ready to apply? Submit your information to our Talent Network here .
Pay Range: $95,843 - $130,347 annually Applicants for this position can work remotely from their home! Applicants must live in Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Iowa, or Texas however due to store locations and tax purposes. At NFM, we’ve been hiring friends since 1937—people who share our passion for helping customers feel right at home. If you share our vision, we invite you to be one of us! People love working here! Glassdoor ranked Nebraska Furniture Mart in the top 50 Best Places to Work in the U.S. and here are a few reasons why: A FUN, stable work environment, with no lay-offs in our history A safe place to work and shop A path to the career of your dreams (career development opportunities) A culture that encourages volunteering and serving our communities Job Description: Your Piece of the Puzzle Do you have knowledge in computing principles, looking to take it to the next level? As NFM’s Azure Data Architect, you will have extensive knowledge in the Azure data space. You would be responsible for utilizing tools used to identify and manage unstructured and structured data. Job Duties: A Day in the Life Play Your Part: Ability to build Azure cloud architectures and provide prescriptive guidance across network, storage, Data Platform Services, serverless architectures, RDBMS & NoSQL databases, and security Be the Expert: Conduct full technical discovery, identifying pain points, business and technical requirements, “as is” and “to be” scenarios Collaborate: Work with other SMEs to design and enhance cloud-based offerings Support: Participate in deep architectural discussions to build confidence and ensure success when building new solutions and migrating existing data applications on the Grow: Learn and adapt new and emerging technologies Leave your Mark: Create technical documentation and translate solutions for stakeholders Your work will directly impact our ability to help people create a lifestyle they love, for the people they love—because that’s what we love. Benefits: What’s in It for You? As a full-time member of our NFM Family, you will enjoy: Competitive pay Health, dental, vision and life Insurance Paid holiday and paid time off Staff discount on merchandise (Collectively, NFM staff has saved almost $2 million on purchases in the last 12 months) Tuition reimbursement Paid training 401(k) with company matching Short and long-term disability Employee assistance program Career development and advancement opportunities Community volunteer opportunities NFM is an Equal Opportunity Employer Experience Preferred ??? Bachelor???s degree with area of specialization in Information Systems or related field ??? 7 years??? experience in IT preferably in retail industry ??? Proficient in distributed computing principles and has a broad experience across a set of data stores (e. g., Azure Blob Storage, Azure SQL Server, Azure COSMOS DB), messaging systems (e. g., Apache Kafka, Azure Event Hubs, Azure Service Bus), and data processing engines (e. g., Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Storm) ??? Experience working on solutions that collect, process, store and analyze business-critical data ??? Experience in designing and building both transactional and data warehouse databases and systems ??? Experience designing and building data pipelines/flows. ELT/ETL, Pub/Sub, Batch, Realtime ??? Experience working with data stewards, application owners, end users and other stakeholders to design data structures and flows ??? Experience leading a team of developers and running all technical aspects of a agile project ??? Strong communication and presentation skills. (required to prepare presentations for Senior Managers) ??? Data Science tools, technologies, and techniques (R, Python, algorithms, Azure ML Studio/Services) preferred ??? Custom Visualizations in Microsoft Power BI preferred ??? Azure Infrastructure architecture and design preferred ??? Knowledge and experience using Azure DevOps for source control, project deployment and project management preferred. ??? Azure Architecture and Data Certifications preferred ??? Basic computer skills plus knowledge of Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access) ??? Ability to work night, weekend and/or early morning hours based on business needs. ??? Pre-employment screening includes, but isn???t limited to, drug screen and criminal background check
Your Future Team AIG Investments is one of the key drivers of revenue and profitability for AIG. We manage over $335 billion in assets on behalf of AIG, its affiliates, and third-party clients across multiple asset classes. Our investment platform spans public and private credit, real estate debt and equity, and public and private equity. The team is comprised of portfolio managers, traders, research analysts, product owners, loan originators and underwriters, and other investment professionals endeavoring to provide strong returns on our clients’ invested capital. At AIG Investments, we are thought leaders in the global asset management industry, with expertise and capital spanning the globe. As a part of AIG Investments, Process Wind Tunnel is a metaphor for an innovative data-driven business process optimization solution. It is a virtual modeling and analysis framework and toolkit/platform to evaluate and optimize process structure and parameters using real-world data prior to committing to final process design. The goal of the Process Wind Tunnel team is to improve real-world business processes using data-science and operations research methods such as descriptive and predictive analytics (supervised and unsupervised learning methods), process mining, tail-scheduling, discrete-event simulation optimization, robotic process automation and continual improvement methods. Over the course of multiple project engagements, this approach has shown to generate valuable business insights and significantly higher performance improvements compared to other more traditional techniques such as lean-six-sigma. The work has also been frequently presented in external technical conferences and business forums. Your Contributions This person will work with IT applications, extract large scale process data and develop software tools and solutions to speed up the analysis and modeling work of complex business processes. The primary role is to perform software tools development, application integration and support business process analysis. This will enhance the Process Wind Tunnel team’s capability to effectively work with IT applications, extract large scale process data and develop software tools and solutions to speed up the analysis and modeling work of complex business processes. Other key responsibilities include but not limited to: Work with IT systems and business applications and associated human interfaces to understand their data architecture and extract relevant data. Perform data processing to make it amenable for different types of process analytics Integrate data into various analysis tool such as R/JMP (statistics), Anylogic (process simulation), Disco (Process Mining) and others to enable exploratory data analysis and modeling Develop “push-button” solutions for analyzing, modeling and visualizing data that integrate various Process Wind Tunnel capabilities Communicate findings and interface with other team members  The individual is also expected to: keep abreast with emerging software tools and trends and successfully incorporate into the Process Wind Tunnel framework support data management by identifying relevant data and highlights potential data management issues support IT management by helping derive insights that are useful for the selection, implementation, and improvement of IT systems, tools, and interfaces Help identify opportunities for process automation What we are looking for Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or similar (highly preferred) Experience in working with large structured and unstructured data including data munging, process mining, visualization and statistical analysis Proficiency in at least one statistical analysis package such as R, JMP Strong software development skills in programming languages such as C/C++, Java, JavaScript, XML, Python and R. Ability to architect a framework to integrate multiple analytical tools and software applications Experience with UML and related tools Database programming experience in SQL Server, Oracle Robotics process automation UI development Background and strong interest in data science/analysis Good interpersonal and communication skills (verbal and written) It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives. To learn more please visit: https://www.aig.com/about-us/diversity-equity-and-inclusion AIG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to job applicants and employees with physical or mental disabilities. If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to complete any part of the application or hiring process, please send an email to candidatecare@aig.com . Reasonable accommodations will be determined on a case-by-case basis. Functional Area: IN - Investment Estimated Travel Percentage (%): Up to 25% Relocation Provided: No AIG ASSET MANAGEMENT US LLC
FocusKPI is looking for a Pod Support Analyst/ Associate for our client. This is a full time contract role, and is remote.  Our Sales Productivity Operations team's mission is to drive global sales performance by scaling sales technology, analytics and processes. We work together to help reps sell easier, and smarter, at scale by delivering solutions that help to unlock their full potential. We are looking for a Pod Support Associate to join the Sales Productivity team and help us scale within the Sales organization, allowing Sales to focus on selling, while we create efficiencies, increase profitability, and enforce stronger controls.  Responsibilities:  The Business Productivity Operations team's mission is to drive global sales performance by scaling sales technology, analytics and processes. We work together to help reps sell easier, and smarter, at scale by delivering solutions that help to unlock their full potential. As a contractor, you will help PMs define product features, own product and process documentations, and drive data integrity initiatives for the client's sales technology product. You will be a key support to their sales technology PMs and will be working closely with our Engineering & cross functional teams to re-imagine processes, transform products and build simple, rep-centric solutions that improve sales productivity. Triage, investigate production issues, and identify next steps: identify trends/patterns, help surface longer term solutions, follow up on outstanding questions from stakeholders, and be the point of contact for the product manager Create data reports and support data analysis: Put together case analyses to understand underlying themes of product bugs and issues. Maintain and update change management documentation Process Documentation: Help maintain and improve central documentation and ensure it is ready for user consumption Basic Qualifications Data analytics skills: Proficient in Excel, SQL; Jira and Tableau knowledge a plus Communication skills: strong written and verbal must be able to precisely articulate problems and solutions Technical acumen: Able to effectively communicate with product managers, engineering stakeholders, and Sales An entrepreneurial mindset: comfortable with ambiguity, fast learner, detail oriented, customer oriented Thank you! FocusKPI Hiring Team Founded in 2010, FocusKPI, Inc. (FocusKPI) is a data science and technology firm specializing in predictive analytics practice and methodologies. FocusKPI is a US company headquartered in Silicon Valley, California with an East Coast office in Boston, Massachusetts. J7ZXSJ5Kyq
The College of Science and Technology is accepting applications for a tenure-track, Assistant Professor (Data Science) vacancy in Fall 2021. Successful applicants will assist in developing a new Data Science program and will demonstrate a commitment to excellence in teaching a broad range of computing and statistics courses and a willingness to foster undergraduate and graduate research. Responsibilities Faculty are expected to maintain a research program leading to peer-reviewed publications and to obtain externally funded research grants; and participate in University service and to exhibit a dedication to equity and inclusiveness. Ideal candidates will also share an interest in developing interdisciplinary initiatives in data science (computational and data enabled science & engineering). Minimum Qualifications Candidates must possess a Ph.D. in Data Science, Computational and Data Enabled Science & Engineering; or a closely related field. Recommended Competencies Ability to teach Undergraduate and Graduate Courses; Ability to engage undergraduate and graduate students in research; Ability to secure external funding to establish and sustain research programs; Ability to demonstrate competency in the infusion of modern technology into teaching; Ability to show high level of scientific creativity; Ability to teach collaboratively with faculty across disciplines; and Ability to clearly communicate scientific information, both written and orally. Preferred Qualifications Preference will be given to candidates with a broad range of computing and statistics courses focused on Big Data research. Pay Plan This is a Faculty position. Conditions of Employment Successful candidate is subject to a pre-employment screening which includes a review of criminal records, reference checks and verification of education. An official college transcript, a high school diploma, or other educational documents must be submitted, where applicable, at the time of employment.  Only United States (U.S.) citizens or aliens who have a legal right to work in the U.S. are eligible for employment. Federal law requires proof of your authorization to work in the United States. You will be required to provide proof of your identity and employment eligibility within three (3) days of employment.  Section 110.1128, Florida Statutes, prohibits employment by the State (including re-hire after a break in service) of any male born after October 1, 1962, who failed to register with the Selective Service System, under the provisions of the U.S. Military Selective Service Act, during the person’s period of eligibility (ages 18 through 25). Additionally, if currently employed by the State, this law prohibits the promotion of such person. You may be required to provide documentation. How To Apply Applicants are required to complete the online application with all applicable information. Applications must include all work history and education details even if attaching a resume. If you are a current FAMU employee, you must apply through Self Service in iRattler. This search is being conducted under Florida law, including the Sunshine law and Public Records law. Reasonable Accommodation If you require a reasonable accommodation pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Amendment Act (ADAA), please contact the Office of Equal Opportunity Programs at (850) 599-3076 at least ten (10) days prior to the start of the event. If you are hearing or speech impaired, please contact the University by calling TDD via FRS (800) 955-8771. Equal Opportunity/Access Florida A&M University is an Equal Opportunity Employer including minorities, women, Veterans' and individuals with disabilities. Other Information  For information concerning the University, visit our web site at https://www.famu.edu. How to apply: Initial screening of applications will begin immediately. Application materials should be submitted through a completed FAMU Employment Application (see www.famu.edu/hr) listing all posted CST faculty positions. In the application submit also: 1) a cover letter addressing the candidate’s interest in teaching in a data science environment; 2) a curriculum vita; 3) brief statement of teaching philosophy; 4) a summary of the proposed research program; 5) unofficial transcript from terminal degree granting institution; and 6) names of three professional references with full contact information. References should be chosen to address teaching and research aptitude.
As a Data Scientist at BICP your role is to analyze, visualize, and model data. You’ll build and implement machine learning models to make more efficient and effective decisions. We are looking for a mixture between a statistician, scientist, machine learning expert and engineer: someone who has passion for building and improving Internet-scale products informed by data. Bachelor’s degree required and Master’s is preferred.
ASR Analytics is a dynamic, fast-growing consulting firm with headquarters in Washington, DC and Phoenix, AZ. We help our clients leverage their data to its fullest potential with our expertise in data mining, predictive modeling, business intelligence, and the design and development of customized technology tools and software. ASR’s inclusive, collaborative culture draws on the unique talents and perspectives of our team members to creatively solve our clients’ most pressing challenges. We offer competitive compensation and comprehensive benefit packages, including medical, dental, and vision benefits, 401k matching, profit sharing, 20 paid vacation days per year in addition to holidays, opportunities for performance bonuses, career advancement and enrichment, and more. ASR’s State and Local practice is seeking entry to mid-level analytic consultants to support ongoing project operations and proprietary software development for our state and local government customers. As a consultant, you will work collaboratively with clients and colleagues to solve business problems using both quantitative (e.g., data engineering, data science) and qualitative methods (e.g., process improvement, management consulting). This position is primarily remote, but residency in the greater Phoenix, AZ area is preferred.  Conduct data mining and exploration to identify patterns and trends in client data Clean, manipulate, and compile data to create reusable analytic datasets Design and build analytic models Produce high quality code to ensure maintainability Perform testing, debugging, and quality control on work products Contribute to and maintain technical documentation Communicate methodology and findings to audiences at various levels of technical understanding Contribute to development of proprietary software applications  Required Qualifications & Skills: Bachelor’s in Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or other quantitative field, or equivalent experience 0-4 years of professional experience 1+ years of experience using data mining methods, such as clustering or anomaly detection, to understand data patterns and select appropriate predictive techniques in an academic or professional setting 1+ years of experience designing and building mathematical models using a variety of techniques, such as logistic regression, decision tree, or random forest, in an academic or professional setting 1+ years of experience with statistical programming using tools such as Python, R, or SQL in an academic or professional setting Strong collaboration skills and ability to work well in a team environment  Strongly Preferred Qualifications & Skills: Experience with an object-oriented programming language, such as JavaScript or Python Experience with NoSQL databases, preferably multi-model such as MarkLogic, ArangoDB, OrientDB, etc. Experience with Apache NiFi  #LI-CF1
Job Description & Program Overview Summer associates in our Cross-Asset Quantitative Investment Strategy Research program will have the opportunity for up to three rotations during the program with the machine learning group within US equity strategy, quantitative credit strategy, rates and rate derivatives strategy, equity derivatives research and the quantitative systematic investment strategies team. During the program summer associates will conduct primary research in areas that can include: Applying advanced machine learning techniques to develop strategies for harvesting risk-premia and asset allocation Investigate how markets are influenced by macro and sentiment factors using natural language processing and deep learning Using data science tools for modelling rates curves and positioning, portfolio construction and forecasting market anomalies Identify leading indicators of distress in credit markets and model inflection points in earning with real-time and big data sets Model financial derivatives to identify systematically mispriced assets in order to build alpha generating trading strategies Developing smart dynamic hedging solutions for more efficient risk management of client assets Qualifications Candidates are required to be pursuing a graduate degree (Masters or Ph.D.) from an accredited college or university with a graduation timeframe between December 2022 and June 2023 in a field of Quantitative Finance, Financial Engineering, or a related technical field that blends advanced quantitative methods with finance and economics Experience in managing and analyzing large data sets with modern data-science tools is required, strong knowledge and experience in advanced machine learning techniques is critical for select rotations Knowledge of financial derivatives including futures and options and their underlying pricing models is key for derivative-team rotations Knowledge of Python or R and Excel; Python and packages including NumPy/Pandas/scikit-learn/Keras/PyTorch/fastai required for certain rotations Distinguished written and verbal communications skills and an ability to communicate complex ideas clearly and concisely to non-technical individuals Ability to work independently and drive toward a completed end product Strong attention to detail; exercise strong quality control over own work A passion and curiosity appropriate for research combined with an ability to rapidly drive results under uncertainty Bank of America does not complete third party forms from colleges, universities, or other parties.  Application Deadline October 15 2021
General Summary: Under the direction of the President, the Data Analyst provides technical expertise to produce specifications, documentation, and training in development and structure of data, decision support systems, and other technical solutions. The Data Analyst extracts, transforms, analyzes, and reports institutional data using various software tools and processes to meet reporting needs of the institution. Responsible for the validation of department reports and developing/maintaining reporting standards to ensure data accuracy and report functionality. Collaborates with all units of the college to improve efficiency, effectiveness, and integrity concerning data gathering, reporting systems, and analysis. The Data Analyst will gather and analyze data; develop appropriate narrative descriptions, graphic presentations and structure the format for reporting information and results for imparting knowledge of the Tribal College. Under the technical guidance of the Data Analyst, the College of the Muscogee Nation will have the necessary reports and applications to reflect and be consistent with the college mission, native core values, and college goals and objectives. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: The provisions of the following Data Analyst duties include, but are not limited to: Outcomes and products will be consistent with Board of Regents Policy. Knowledgeable of inferential statistics. Support faculty and staff in publishing articles/research for refereed journals. Conduct training of faculty and staff in research and statistics. Initiate strategic planning activities relating to data research tasks. Organize, develop, and implement program reports of the institution. Provide data interpretation leadership for the institution. Conduct research, data analysis and reports findings. Create and disburse standard reports annually or throughout the year. Produce and publish a comprehensive list of all data/research reports on an annual basis. Create databases and reports, and employ existing tools to interpret, analyze and visualize multivariate relationships in data. Utilize tribal college data, internet, search engines and searchable web based data sets. Conduct research and literature reviews relating to appropriate topics. Collaborate with the staff and faculty on data collection and analysis methods. Conduct interviews for collecting data. Develop valid instruments for collecting qualitative and quantitative data. Incorporate data into reports and grant applications. Review, evaluate and edit documents to achieve highest level of quality. Prepare and maintain electronic and hard copy data files and supporting documentation. Participate on college committees as assigned. Communicate with government officials and industry representatives. Must have excellent writing skills. Travel required. Other duties as assigned. Standard for Merit Performance: Perform duties in an effective and efficient manner; be motivated, conscientious, thorough, accurate and reliable with respect to attendance. Exhibit exemplary oral communication, interpersonal and organizational skills. Job Specifications:  1. Minimum Requirements An earned Bachelor degree in Business, Math, Statistics, Education or any technology related degree from an accredited higher education institution. Experience in report development, statistical analysis tools, and data interpretation. Tribal experience. Knowledge and skill in the use of Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point.  2. Preferred Requirements An earned Masters in Research Administration, Data Science or Data Analytics, excellent oral and written communication, interpersonal and organizational skills.  3. Special Considerations Ability to speak the Muscogee (Creek) language is preferable but not a requirement. Native American and Veteran preference. Licensure (if appropriate): Valid Drivers License. Disclaimer: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. Public Relations: Important attributes of any employee of the College of the Muscogee Nation, along with the official performance of duties, are personal appearance and public relations. Each employee is expected to make every effort to be well-informed about the institution, pleasant, courteous and cooperative. As an employee, you are expected to act in a manner that commands respect of all personnel and students.
PerBlue is looking for our next great aspiring Data Analyst to join our team of experienced mobile game creators. We’re a growing independent studio whose free-to-play midcore mobile games are being played by millions of people around the world, including the award-winning Disney Heroes: Battle Mode.Our team brings together experience from major studios in the videogame and technology industries. Headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin, we also work remotely around the United States for an unmatched quality of life and work.In this early-career opportunity, you’ll add your skillset to our Business Intelligence team, providing the analysis and insights to help our team create amazing experiences for our fans around the world. You’re a thoughtful aspiring data wizard who can manage mountains of mobile game data from a variety of sources and discover new ways of understanding and presenting insights to our team from across the studio. You’re a creative thinker who brings a commitment to delivering results.Principal ResponsibilitiesSupport and nurture a culture of honesty, trust, and collaboration via data.Develop a strong understanding of our games, game design principles, core metrics and underlying assumptions; then work collaboratively to effectively question, test, and verify their truthfulness.Break down questions and requests for data into smaller, actionable plans to guarantee stakeholders will get their real questions answered.Improve existing Tableau dashboards and create new ones with a keen eye toward end user experience (ease of understanding, clarity, dashboard responsiveness, consistency, etc)Write SQL for data exploration, quick question-answer, and for more in-depth understanding via Tableau Data Sources, statistical analysis, etc.Do more thorough analyses when needed, including coming up with your own hypotheses, testing, revising, and ultimately providing data-driven, evidenced recommendations.Provide summaries of actionable takeaways that are understandable to non-technical colleagues while also providing empirical evidence and thought process for stakeholders wanting deeper understanding.Your experienceDemonstrated professional and/or academic projects writing analytic SQL queries (emphasis on SELECTs using JOINs, GROUP BY, window functions, etc., not so much INSERTs/UPDATEs)Experience with data visualizationAbility to effectively communicate findings and recommendations, and connect with a variety of stakeholdersYour personal attributesNaturally curious, organized, and analyticalTruly loves making sense of large amounts of dataClose attention to detail, process driven, and results-focusedOutstanding written and verbal communication skillsSelf motivated, with a strong desire to learn new thingsLove of games and interest in game development pipelinesWillingness to step in and help where neededAlignment with PerBlue’s efforts to be a welcoming, inclusive and diverse workplaceAdditional qualifications to highlight in your application-Mobile and/or free-to-play game industry experienceTableau or other data exploration, visualization and interactive dashboarding softwarePostgres and/or Snowflake/Redshift cloud database queryingMachine learning / artificial intelligenceData modelingBasic statistics (AB testing, confidence intervals, etc)Programming, specifically PythonVersion control systems, especially GitCompensation and BenefitsWe are a Remote First company headquartered in downtown Madison, Wisconsin with team members based around the US. We offer a competitive base salary; incentive bonus structure; 6+ weeks of paid time off; comprehensive health, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance; a well-matched 401k; flexible hours; and a variety of other perks including daily lunch delivery.You'll be part of a passionate, welcoming, and collaborative team that has received several “Best Place to Work” awards by a variety of publications. We are headquartered in the vibrant neighborhood around beautiful downtown Madison.No agencies, please. This is a pretty good description of this position’s roles and responsibilities but is not a comprehensive job description, so duties and supervisors may change. We regret that we cannot consider visa sponsorship or candidates based outside of the United States or Canada for this position at this time.Job Type: Full-time
GeneDx is seeking a Quality Systems Specialist I.  GeneDx is a rapidly growing CAP and CLIA certified diagnostic genetic testing laboratory for molecular genetics. Our historic mission has been to make clinical diagnostic testing available for people with genetic conditions and their families. We apply cutting edge technologies that provide a wide array of molecular genetic diagnostic tests, including whole exome sequencing and next-generation sequencing panels. We specialize in genetic testing for rare hereditary disorders, but also test for common disorders. To learn more about GeneDx, please visit our website at www.genedx.com.  Responsibilities include:  Implements Quality Systems programs that are consistent with company policies and regulatory standards Audits and reviews quality data according to established procedures Maintains tools for monitoring compliance training, corrective actions, audits, and document control Supports corrective action task force initiatives Assists with audits and recordkeeping Assists with validation package review Performs additional related duties as assigned.  Qualifications include:  B.S. degree in related field 1-3 years of experience in a regulated life science laboratory Proven ability in maintaining professional accuracy and deadlines Experience New York State-licensed laboratory preferred CAP Inspector certification preferred  Benefits include:  Paid Time Off (PTO) Health, dental, vision, life insurance, LT/ST disability plans Flexible Spending Account (FSA) 401K retirement savings plan with company match Employee Discounts Business casual dress code   GeneDx/BioReference Laboratories is an Equal Opportunity Employer
DEEP LEARNING ENGINEER MEDICAL TECH COMPANY UNITED STATES - REMOTE WORK  $110,000 - $130,000 Do you possess a strong background in medical imaging and computer vision? Do you want to work in a growing AI team at a company that is making huge advancements in the telehealth industry? Keep reading!! THE COMPANY This fast growing company has dedicated itself to using AI to change the teleheath industry. They are well established and well funded and have received attention around the globe. They are working on building out a new AI team that is going to change the way people are receiving a health service from the comfort of their own home. THE ROLE - DEEP LEARNING ENGINEER As a Deep Learning Engineer, you will be working in a small AI team and will be involved in helping build out the team as well You will be developing computer vision and deep learning models for 3D reconstruction, video analysis, and image analysis You will be working heavily with Python and working with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch and TensorFlow You will be involved in bringing the models from research into production and getting them ready for deployment You will be working on image processing and 3D reconstruction of images and videos provided by the company's customers YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE MSc or PhD in a related area, preferably in biomedical engineering. medical imaging or computer vision At least 1-2 years of industry experience working on image/video processing and 3d reconstruction Proven experience with delivering AI algorithms and putting them into production preferred Strong technical skillset in Python, Keras, TensorFlow and PyTorch Prior experience with developing DL models and algorithms and working with different types of medical imaging modalities BENEFITS  You can expect to earn up to $130,000 (depending on experience) as a Deep Learning Engineer. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your resume to Annie Nasharr via the apply link on this page. KEYWORDS Computer vision, healthcare, deep learning, medical imaging, object detection, image classification, computer science, artificial intelligence, C++, Python, Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, image analysis, research, MRI, CT , 3D Reconstruction, image processing
Data Scientist - Must be willing to submit for a DoD security clearance (if you already hold one, even better!). A little about us and our team: We love to be inspired. Look around and you will find companies whose work is inspired by its employees, customers, and the world but not all companies are created equal. MAKE SURE YOU ENJOY YOUR WORK. We started TeamWorx Security to build, create, and dream about what inspires us and because of this, we have become a quickly growing Maryland startup (just because we’re growing fast doesn’t mean we’re hiring fast J). We are a team of data scientists, software engineers, researchers, product developers, and operationally minded folks who specialize in the development of applications and products for our customers. We are looking for other great folks to add to our team. Our future teammates are critical thinkers and problem solvers who excel at solving problems. We look for those with a passion to do what you do. This is our story; come tell us your story.  Our growing team is looking for a “go-getter” Data Scientist. In this role, we are looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our company. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights. You should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math, and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We also want to see a passion for machine-learning and research. Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions. You will be required to act in a dynamic proposal support role responsible for critical/key support to the business development team for all proposal efforts, by providing skilled support and efforts for the corporate proposal development, review, and delivery process which includes supporting our business development, proposal and capture manager, and leadership team.   Qualifications:  Our next teammate should have a degree in a quantitative field such as mathematics, computer science, physics, engineering, operations research, etc. Proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst Experience in data mining Understanding of machine-learning and operations research Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop) Analytical mind and business acumen Strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra) Problem-solving aptitude Excellent communication and presentation skills US citizenship required and willing to submit for a DoD security clearance (if you already hold one, even better!).   Responsibilities:  Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms Combine models through ensemble modeling Present information using data visualization techniques Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges Collaborate with engineering and product development teams   TeamWorx Security is an AA/EEO employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, age, disability.
Location: LOC_ROBERTS-Roberts Ctr Pediatric Research Req ID: 134116 Shift: Days Employment Status: Regular - Full Time  Job Summary  The Data Scientist will join an internationally recognized group at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia working to transform the health of children. He or she will work within a dynamic team of data scientists, programmers, and researchers as part of PEDSnet (https://www.pedsnet.org) and the Research Institute’s Applied Clinical Research Center to understand predictors of childhood diseases, improve the quality of children’s healthcare, and rapidly advance knowledge through the creation and development of learning health systems. The Data Coordinating Center’s focus is on developing informatics methods to standardize health data from diverse sources, and make intelligent use of the data to produce new and actionable knowledge about child health. Make effective use of rich data from multiple sources for large-scale projects. Collaborate with researchers regarding the capacity of data to meet their research needs and perform feasibility assessments as needed. Provide researchers with analytic datasets and results that are crafted to address research needs and minimize privacy risk. Work with complex clinical data and extract information precisely targeted to researcher needs.  3. Participate in knowledge discovery in pediatric biomedical research, using analytic and data visualization techniques spanning heterogeneous and complex data types under direct supervision. With guidance, contribute to the development, execution, testing and critical evaluation of code and presentation as needed for research or quality improvement projects throughout the network. Participate in creation of reusable code and standardized analytics and reporting. Assist in streamlining development and analytic work for reproducible research across multiple domains of study. Job Responsibilities Implement computational algorithms and experiments for test and evaluation; interprets data to assess algorithm performance. Develop high-quality code implementing models and algorithms as application programming interfaces or other service-oriented software implementations. Participate in communication of research methods, implementation, and results to varied audience of clinicians, scientists, analysts, and programmers. Work closely with applications research group to translate models and algorithms into engineered production applications. Contribute to manuscript writing for results publication, authors abstracts, and presents at professional conferences. Required Education and Experience  Required Education: Bachelors in Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or a related field.  Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic  Preferred Education: Masters in Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or a related field. Non-degree graduate coursework such as a graduate certificate in Analytics, Statistics, or Data Science preferred.  Preferred Experience: At least one (1) year of experience with progressively more complex data science, applied statistics, machine learning, or mathematical modeling projects  Additional Technical Requirements Experience and demonstrated ability acquiring new technical/analytic skills and domain knowledge to support successful contribution to research and development projects is required. Experience using existing machine learning and analytic tools such as ScikitLearn, Weka, R, and Mathematica in either applied educational or professional projects is required. Experience writing code in either applied educational or professional projects using one or more of the following languages: Python, Scala, Java is required. Familiarity with relational databases (e.g. Postgres, MySQL) strongly preferred. Familiarity RESTful web services application programming interfaces preferred. Strong verbal and written communications skills with the demonstrated ability to explain complex technical concepts to a lay audience. Applied statistics or mathematical modeling experience preferred. Natural language processing experience particularly in the biological and medical domains preferred. Experience using distributed computing technologies (e.g. Akka, MapReduce, Cuda) preferred. Familiarity with graph, key value, and document data stores (e.g. Neo4j, Hadoop, MongoDB) preferred. Experience creating informative visualizations for complex, high dimensional data preferred. Experience with probabilistic graphical models, time series predictive models, Markov models preferred.  All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146
Organization: Accenture Federal Services Location: Arlington, VA  Analytics Analyst – Data Science - Management Consulting  We are: Accenture Federal Services, helping our federal clients tackle their toughest challenges while unleashing their fullest potential…and then some. What makes our approach so unique? Operating from the nation’s capital, we bring together commercial innovation and leading-edge technologies to deliver an integrated and interactive experience that far exceeds expectations. How? Our passion meets purpose! Through our diverse culture and inclusive thinking, we embrace our employees' ideas taking them from concept to practical solutions. Not to mention, we sleep well at night knowing our work directly impacts and improves the way the world works. We keep our tech smarts sharp by providing abundant training and certification opportunities. Are you ready to learn and grow in a career, while making a difference? You are: A lover of patterns. Perhaps you grew up putting together 1,000-piece puzzles, finding that tiny detail that gave away the perfect placement. You're on your A-game with the latest tools and methods, from statistics to machine learning. While others were struggling through stats, you were living your best life. You lead the charge to work with business stakeholders to understand their goals and determine how data can be used. What sets you apart? Unlike the rest, you see and apply your work through a human lens. You live to take any data mess from drab to fab and transform it into a story that the average Joe and Jane can understand.  The Work: Collaborate as a team to identify, assess, and solve business problems Create quantitative models and identify patterns in data Create data visualization dashboards to present findings Develop machine learning solutions to improve performance Build applications on a web-based platform  Here’s what you need - You’ve received a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with quantitative course work (with a graduation date no later than August 31, 2021) Coursework beyond Calculus II Preferred Qualifications (not required) Bonus Points if - You have a degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, or any other related field You have proficiency in Python, R, or other programming language This role requires US Citizenship with no dual US Citizenship exceptions. An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess work authorization which does not require now or in the future sponsorship by the employer for a visa. Accenture is a federal contractor, an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. Equal Employment Opportunity All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information.
Data Scientist – Ground-breaking BiopharmaMy client is a leading innovative Biopharma who are working on the most cutting edge technologies within cell and gene therapies specifically targeting oncology. You will be joining a world leading team of scientists and Data Science professionals based in San Francisco, who are at the top of their game and are constantly pushing the boundaries of what we believe possible within T-Cell research.Roles & Responsibilities:As a Data Scientist you will be working on a novel bioinformatics platform to research personalised T-cell therapies.You will use your knowledge of *omics data analysis to be a key member in developing novel analytical and computational methods for single cell & T-cell datasets.Using your strong communication skills you will be a focal point for interactions between the team and internal stakeholders across the company.Being an expert within Python/R you will be able to write code whilst working within a Linux system.Qualifications & Experience:PhD in Computational Biology or equivalent subject with strong statistical foundationsExperience of RNA and/or DNA sequencingExperience working with single cell or T-cell data setsAbility to write code to a professional standard in a language such as Python or R and experience with relevent modules such as Bioconductor, tidyverse or pandasBenefits:Market Leading SalaryBonusShare optionsHealthcare401K matchIf this role looks of interest or you would like to know about similar positions on our books, please apply now with your CV for a confidential discussion asap.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:10 hour shiftSupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Job Title: Data Scientist Location: Bellevue, WA Duration: 6 Months  Summary:  The main function of the Data Scientist is to produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets.   Job Responsibilities: Apply knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement. Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data. Generate and test hypotheses and analyze and interpret the results of product experiments. Work with product engineers to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features and provide guidelines for large-scale implementation. Provide Business Intelligence (BI) and data visualization support, which includes, but limited to support for the online customer service dashboards and other ad-hoc requests requiring data analysis and visual support.   Skills: Experienced in either programming languages such as Python and/or R, big data tools such as Hadoop, or data visualization tools such as Tableau. The ability to communicate effectively in writing, including conveying complex information and promoting in-depth engagement on course topics. Experience working with large datasets.   Education/Experience: Master of Science degree in stat, math, computer science or in a relevant field.    IND123
Futurex is seeking a Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and Digital Marketing Analyst for full-time employment.The SEO and Digital Marketing Analyst is responsible for driving traffic to the Futurex.com and VirtuCrypt.com websites, as well as promoting Futurex through content automation, campaign marketing, data segmentation, and data mining. The ideal candidate is someone who thrives in a challenging environment and enjoys being surrounded by an equally dedicated and motivated team.We are looking for candidates who have a strong analytical mindset, excellent writing and communication skills, and enjoy working in the online realm to connect with customers and improve brand awareness. Ideal candidates are well-versed in digital marketing techniques including e-mail marketing automation, link building, web-architecture, and analyzing and managing large quantities of data to determine content effectiveness and calculate marketing return on investment (MROI). We also want someone who loves to work with other people and can effectively communicate with individuals from a variety of technical and non-technical backgrounds.If this sounds like the type of environment you’d like to be part of, we encourage you to submit your application today.REQUIREMENTSBachelor’s degree in marketing, communications, public relations, data science, or related fieldDemonstrated experience with Google Analytics, AdWords (PPC), and Webmaster ToolsFunctional understanding of HTML and CSS, SEO/SEM components, and related skillsExperience analyzing web-based architecture and content to improve SERPS, website speed, and overall ability for us to capture prospective customersAbility to analyze, interpret, and present performance data in a meaningful wayKnowledge of marketing automation platforms such as Marketo or PardotWell-informed on current trends in the SEO industryMotivated, self-starting, and eager to learnPRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIESDrive traffic to the Futurex.com and VituCrypt.com sites by optimizing web pages and digital content for SEO and overall awareness and reception of the Futurex brandDevelop quality link building and long-tail search strategies along with backend SEO components to improve web performance and effectivenessRecommend and implement data capture strategiesCalculate marketing return on investmentWork closely with marketing team to drive SEO/SEM during content creation and implementationLeverage collected data to improve upon existing digital marketing campaigns and overall executionAnalyze data and provide recommendations for the structure and use of marketing dataEvaluate marketing data using customer profiling, segmentation analysis, and general data analysis and mining to improve digital effectivenessProvide general support for a broad range of marketing initiatives and activitiesBENEFITSHealth, dental, vision, life, and short/long-term disability insurancePaid vacation, holidays, and sick leaveCompetitive compensation and opportunities for advancementComplimentary gym membershipRetirement plan with employer contribution matchScenic corporate campus with amenities including a tennis court, jogging trail, and putting greenWelcoming, family-style corporate culture uniquely suited to fast-paced, entrepreneurial, and motivated individualsJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offRetirement planSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:SEO: 1 year (Preferred)Marketing: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:No
About Kubrick  The greatest data and technology challenges of today can't be solved with carbon copy consultants or homogenous thought. At Kubrick, we actively seek out and develop passionate individuals from a breadth of backgrounds to help organizations harness the power of data and reach their full potential.  We’re a fast-growing, agile organization that values hard work, collaboration and innovation. We have evolved and expanded our practices to meet and anticipate the demands of tomorrow. We support one another, recognize achievements, celebrate the differences in others, encourage open communication, and are committed to giving our people the best tools to thrive.  Kubrick’s Data Engineering Practice  As a Kubrick Data Engineer you will learn to cleanse, align and correlate data sets to give better insight. We train our Data Engineers in cloud ecosystems, focusing on the latest technologies and programming software, including Python, SQL, Alteryx, and Tableau.  Working in the agile methodology, you will combine the fundamentals of data engineering with an overview of machine learning, data analytics, and gain competency in cloud ecosystems such as AWS and Microsoft Azure to enhance data capability and drive transformation.  Example Training Project: Consultant’s remodelled data to product a state-of-the-art platform that can pull data up to x10 faster, combined new sources of data, and conduct robust, evidence-based data science at scale.  Why Join Kubrick?  So what can you expect if you join us? We cultivate smart, aspiring, diverse talent to harness the power of data, AI and cloud technology to help world-leading organizations transform. At Kubrick, you will gain first-hand exposure to exciting projects, accelerating your career in data and technology. $65,000 year one salary, rising to $77,000 in your second year 15 weeks of training by our industry experts in agile teams using the latest tools and technologies Engagement on projects with renowned clients to strengthen your skills and deliver long-lasting impact Collaborate and develop with diverse perspectives bringing a fresh approach to solving problems Regular check-ins and support from your dedicated People representative to foster engagement and drive impact as you progress Access to technical webinars to assist with ongoing upskilling and development  What we need from you  You don’t need experience to join us! We’re looking for people who can bring a fresh approach to businesses by realizing the potential of data, AI, and next-generation technology. Bachelors degree Curious, analytical and great at solving problems – we don’t need any previous coding skills, just excitement to learn! Desire to work with data and how it can help an organization make better decisions Flexible and adaptable communicator who can work collaboratively Committed to producing high quality solutions Dedicated to continuous personal and professional development  At Kubrick we respect the differences in others and understand the importance of diverse thoughts, experiences, backgrounds and perspectives. We believe in creating equal opportunities for all and pushing against barriers that have existed for too long.
Testing & QA - Mountain View, CA - We are currently looking for full-time Data Scientists to join our Mountain View office to work on test engineering projects in Didi autonomous driving technologies. The goal is to apply the state of the art data science insights on cars to make driving smarter and safer. Responsibilities: Work with large, complex datasets from various sources to draw analytical insights Research, define, and monitor key indicators to evaluate the autonomous systems performance Build statistical models from large driving data to predict autonomous driving behavior Write reusable Python/SQL code and share its insights with engineers Build dashboard to visualize our autonomy performance from both road testing data and simulation test scenarios Collaborate with other engineers to optimize our autonomy performance evaluation workflow with data-driven approaches Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or above in Data Science or related disciplines. Solid technical background in applied stats, analytics, or related quantitative fields Demonstrated proficiency in Python, or SQL Demonstrated analytical thinking and data intuition when solving problems in a new problem space Ability to take an ambiguous question, use data to draw insights, and convey the results to a wide range of audiences Experience with large data datasets is a plus Graduate before Fall 2021 About the Company: Didi Chuxing (“DiDi”) is the world’s leading mobile transportation platform. We’re committed to working with communities and partners to solve the world’s transportation, environmental, and employment challenges by using big data-driven deep-learning algorithms that optimize resource allocation. Didi Chuxing’s Autonomous-Driving team was established in 2016, and has grown to a comprehensive research and development organization covering HD mapping, perception, behavior prediction, planning and control, infrastructure and simulation, labeling, hardware, mechanical, problem diagnosis, vehicle modifications, connected car, and security, among others. We’re developing and testing self-driving vehicles in China and the United States. In August 2019, DiDi upgraded its autonomous driving unit to an independent company to focus on R&D, product application, and business development related to self-driving technologies. The new company will integrate the resources and technology of DiDi’s platform, continue to increase investment in R&D, and deepen collaboration with auto industry partners. About the Company: Didi Chuxing (“DiDi”) is the world’s leading mobile transportation platform. We’re committed to working with communities and partners to solve the world’s transportation, environmental, and employment challenges by using big data-driven deep-learning algorithms that optimize resource allocation. Didi Chuxing’s Autonomous-Driving team was established in 2016, and has grown to a comprehensive research and development organization covering HD mapping, perception, behavior prediction, planning and control, infrastructure and simulation, labeling, hardware, mechanical, problem diagnosis, vehicle modifications, connected car, and security, among others. We’re developing and testing self-driving vehicles in China and the United States. In August 2019, DiDi upgraded its autonomous driving unit to an independent company to focus on R&D, product application, and business development related to self-driving technologies. The new company will integrate the resources and technology of DiDi’s platform, continue to increase investment in R&D, and deepen collaboration with auto industry partners.
ResponsibilitiesPrepare data science business cases while working with domain experts and customers. Support defining the AI strategy within a federal government agency.Independently develops customized algorithms to solve analytical problems with incomplete data sets and implements automated processes for efficiently producing scale models.Independently conducts statistical modelling, machine learning modelling and experiment design, and tests and validates predictive models.Perform statistical analysis, data mining, temporal and pattern analysis, correlation of events, predictive modelling, and pattern recognition.Document and visualize analytics both temporally and spatially, and present analytic results and uncertainty to decision makers.Provide informational briefings to explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support big data analytics efforts and implement workflows, data models, indexes and templates and facilitate data movement on all associated systems and networks.Provide architecture analysis and design implementation with detailed technology roadmaps and transition planning and master plans as required.Finds and recommends new uses for existing data sources; designs, modifies, and builds new data processes; and builds large, complex data sets.Other similar professional duties maybe assigned as needed.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hourSchedule:Day shiftCOVID-19 considerations:RemoteWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Machine Learning Data Scientist Location: Chantilly, VA, USA  Seeking experienced data scientist with practical machine learning experience to support a team of AI/ML staff and Data Scientists in the following tasks: Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting object behavior Increasing the efficiency and quality of the discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets Develop techniques that make use of both digital object track data, text-based reporting, and a variety of other data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment  Qualifications of an ideal candidate include:  Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields Hands-on experience implementing Machine Learning models and/or Text Mining Algorithms. Ability to work closely with Domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions in their studies Excellent Communication Skills (with the ability to explain developed tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience) Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team Top Secret/SCI eligibility  Highly competitive salary and benefits for qualified and motivated candidates seeking mission-focused work that will directly impact national security objectives. We are always looking for innovative, mission-focused individuals to join our award winning team! Listed below are a few of our current open positions.  Even if these don't match your skills or requirements, please inquire at careers@blueskyinnovators.com so we can learn more about you and discuss future opportunities.
The primary role of a Zilliant Data Scientist is to effectively configure the scientific models which support Zilliant’s price optimization and predictive modeling solutions. To do so, the scientist must be comfortable with independent interactions with clients, guiding clients towards Zilliant’s best design practices, and effectively communicating the value of Zilliant’s products. The role also relies heavily on personal accountability for results and a collaborative approach that brings the best of Zilliant to every customer.  Responsibilities Include:  Ensure Zilliant’s optimization and predictive models are configured to meet our client’s strategic objectives. Travel to client offices to present scientific concepts and model results to senior executives. Leverage an array of software tools to analyze large client datasets. Working with cross-functional teams within Zilliant on multiple projects   Key Requirements:  Advanced Degree in an applied mathematics subject such as Data Science, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Statistics or a related discipline. Experience using SQL to analyze large datasets. Experience implementing data science routines in R or Python. Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong presence and confidence in front of executives  Desirable Skills and Experience:  Academic or industry exposure to B2B or B2C pricing and revenue optimization. Academic or industry exposure to machine learning methods. Experience using data visualization tools such as Tableau.
At a lot of organizations, it is hard to stand out. Everyone is working on the same projects; creating and testing as fast and efficiently as humanly possible. Don’t get lost in the crowd. Team Daugherty offers the opportunity to work on something different. With every project comes the unique opportunity to showcase your skills. Team Daugherty is looking to grow the Data and Analytic space here in NYA. Potential roles could include: Informational Architect, Information Analyst, Data Engineer, or Big Data Developer. Ideal candidates for these positons are problem solvers with the ability to utilize insights, creativity, and perspective to drive business success for our clients. In these roles, you could have the opportunity to work with analysts, technical team leads, and software engineers on business intelligence related architectural issues and best practices. You may also assess organizational readiness, plan and execute a proof of concept, and lead an implementation plan to success. Now, imagine yourself: Assisting in the design and development of reports and dashboards for varying levels of the organization (operational through executive management). Assembling large, complex data sets that meet functional/non-functional business requirements. Collaborating with clients to design information management and business intelligence solutions. Analyzing application specifications and technology approaches to ensure business requirements are met and are scalable for future product releases. Creating custom software components and employing a variety of languages and tools. Working with business analyst and management to recommend future application solutions. The types of technologies that we work with: Interest in joining our crew? Here are a few things that we look for: Ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly. Interest in working with tools and technologies such as: Hadoop, Informatica, Vertica, Business Objects, Cassandra, Kafka, Postgres, BigTable, Oracle, Teredata, MarkLogic, MongoDB, MatLab, HBase, Hive, CouchDB, Sklearn, Azure, PostGIS, Redshift, SAS, Memcache, Redis, Pandas, Accumulo, NumPy, TensorFlow, Python, BASH, Scala, Julia, Spark, Map Reduce, Elastic Search, AWS, Splunk, Sqoop, Kibana, Spark Streaming, Solr, DynamoDB, SoftLayer, DigitalOcean, Google Cloud, Ansible, Jenkins, Crystal Reports, Qlik, Docker, Chef, Zoomdata, SPSS, AMOS, LISREL, Theanos, t-tests, power analysis, ANOVA, ANCOVA, linear regression, logistic regression, ARIMA, factor analysis, principal components, decision trees, Naïve Bayes, K-Nearest Neighbors, Neural Networks, Random Forest, K-means clustering, Gaussian Mixture Models, GPFS, Kudu, Impala, Kinesis, GCP, Salt, Puppet, Pentaho, Jaspersoft, Talend, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Domo, Looker, Nifi, Spotfire, D3, PowerPivot, Power BI, Actian Vector, StremSets, REST, GraphQL, Kubernetes, GIS, Airflow, Oozie, Node Red, Micv
Overview:  LMI is a consultancy dedicated to powering a future-ready, high-performing government, drawing from expertise in digital and analytic solutions, logistics, and management advisory services. We deliver integrated capabilities that incorporate emerging technologies and are tailored to customers’ unique mission needs, backed by objective research and data analysis. Founded in 1961 to help the Department of Defense resolve complex logistics management challenges, LMI continues to enable growth and transformation, enhance operational readiness and resiliency, and ensure mission success for federal civilian and defense agencies. LMI is seeking a Junior Data Scientist to support an Intelligence Community client. This position will be located in the Northern VA area. Responsibilities: Coordinate requirements directly with the Sponsor and internal subject matter experts Demonstrate the ability to frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions. Work with the client to gather, analyze, and make recommendations regarding data structure, storage, and retrieval. Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON. Transform data and analysis into informative visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available tools. Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to client research questions. Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting. Qualifications: Bachelors degree in STEM or related field required TS/SCI with polygraph clearance required Demonstrated Experience with SQL Demonstrated Experience with Data Visualization, reporting, or other similar tools, such as Tableau Demonstrated experience with JAVA and/or Python a plus. Demonstrated experience with client's tools and data warehouse a plus. #LI-SH1
LockerDome is an ad platform with a brain, designed specifically for performance-based advertising. The brain behind the platform is Neo, an in-house AI, which uses machine learning to process billions of data points and make intelligent decisions at lightning speed. Learn more at lockerdome.com. As a Data Analyst on the Data & Analytics team, you will serve as the primary decision-maker for advertiser and publisher accounts. Not only will you leverage LockerDome's homegrown analytics tooling and techniques to assess and process performance data, you’ll also work closely with our sales team to create solutions that maximize success for both LockerDome and its partners. Additionally, you’ll contribute to LockerDome's codebase, working with large datasets within our platform and supplemental client data to build tools that are reusable and tie directly into our data science models. This position will be part of our Austin-based team. Candidates residing in (or near) Austin, TX are preferred. Your skills should include: Degree in a scientific or quantitative field, or proven proficiency in these areasStrong command of statistics and other analytical toolsStrong technical ability in a data-focused programming language, such as R or PythonStrong business intuitionProficiency with version control software, such as GitStrong verbal and written communicationAbility to solve unique or complex problems and explain your findings in a concise, actionable mannerAbility to learn new skills and information sets quicklyWorking knowledge of the performance-based marketing and digital media landscape is a plus Responsibilities: Manage and analyze various internal and external data sets, identifying performance trends and flagging anomalies in the dataExecute routine optimizations to maximize return on investment and yield for both LockerDome and its partnersWork closely with LockerDome's sales team to package data and create solutions for clients, leveraging LockerDome's homegrown analytics tooling and techniquesContribute to LockerDome's codebaseTie-in to external data sources to further improve our algorithms and internal processesExecute ad hoc needs, such as developing new tooling or defining new processes as we scale  DuEXJUOnfa
REMOTE Lead Applied Data Scientist If you are a Lead Applied Data Scientist with experience, please read on!  Headquartered in beautiful Los Angeles with remote teams across the nation, we are a innovative software start-up focusing on SaaS solutions in the automotive industry! Due to growth and demand for our services, we are urgently looking to add a Lead Applied Data Scientist to our growing team! Top Reasons to Work with UsHUGE opportunity for growth!Competitive base salary + equity + benefits!Fully remote opportunity!Start-up from extremely successful entrepreneur working closely with Fortune 10 company! What You Need for this PositionPhD or Masters in Data Science, Computer Science, or equivalent technical degree preferredSignificant professional experience and technical leadership in applied data scienceExpertise in machine learning, preferably with a market-facing software productStrong experience with NLPStrong experience with predictive modelingExperience with data extraction from unstructured datasets What's In It for YouCompetitive base salary ($200k+ DOE)Comprehensive benefits package (Medical, Dental, Vision)Equity401kPTOCutting-edge techFun and innovative company culture So, if you are a Lead Applied Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.   CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
When you’re part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our food is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you’ll be supported in achieving your career goals! Program Design: The program prepares participants for roles of growing responsibility through a combination of rotational assignments, structured learning, formalized feedback, and mentoring. You will have the opportunity to get along with senior Data Science and IT leaders and participate in various key Data Science initiatives. Participants will have 2 one-year rotation assignments during the two-year program. As part of the rotational program, candidates may rotate through locations including but not limited to: Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, California, etc. Geographic flexibility is required both during and upon completion of the program. Rotation examples include: Business Intelligence, Digital Technology & Delivery, Emerging Technologies, Enterprise Applications Systems, Data Science, Data Engineering. We have many opportunities to offer!  The DSLDP program affords participants an outstanding chance to create results, quickly gain credibility and develop a strong company network over two years. Prior to completing the program, participants work with the Program Manager and interview for positions across the Data Science organization. Qualifications: Students completing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree between December 2021 and July 2022; preferred majors: Mathematics, Data Science, Computer Science, Computational and Data Science & EngineeringGPA of 3.2 or greaterStrong desire and motivation to develop a career as a future leader in Data ScienceRelated work or internship experience helpfulAbility to lead, plan, and prioritize projectsExperience in data collection & analysisProven leadership aptitude, learning agility, and flexibilityUnderstanding of existing & new technologiesApplicants must be authorized to work in the United States without restriction Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. ACCESSIBILITY/DISABILITY ACCESS Job Seekers with a Disability: Thermo Fisher Scientific offers accessibility service for job seekers requiring accommodations in the job application process. For example, this may include individuals requiring assistance because of hearing, vision, mobility, or cognitive impairments. If you are a job seeker with a disability, or assisting a person with a disability, and require accessibility assistance or an accommodation to apply for one of our jobs, please submit a request by telephone at 1-855-471-2255*. Please include your contact information and specific details about your required accommodation to support you during the job application process. This telephone line is reserved solely for job seekers with disabilities requiring accessibility assistance or an accommodation in the job application process. Messages left for other purposes, such as not being able to get into the career website, following up on an application, or other non-disability related technical issues will not receive a response.
We are seeking new members of our Impact Analytics team at Aledade to support intervention strategy and development, evaluate the impact of Aledade’s population health interventions, and use innovative methods to answer pressing business questions. The Data Analyst will design and conduct analyses that leverage rich data sources including national Medicare claims, other payer claims, electronic health records, event notification, and patient-reported data. They will work across teams to understand key performance and policy questions facing the business and bring data to inform strategic and tactical decision making. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in health care analytics, an understanding of population health strategies, and a passion for having a direct impact on primary care practices and contributing to a data-driven organization. We are flexible with respect to geographic location, and the ideal candidate will be comfortable working remotely/work from home within the US. As a Data Analyst, you will be responsible for: Driving organizational learning about which population health interventions and other factors achieve cost savings and improved health outcomes in Aledade’s network of independent primary care practices. Designing and executing descriptive and predictive analyses to identify opportunities to improve care delivery, contribute to population health product development, and inform Aledade’s growth strategy. Working across teams at Aledade and with external partners to design field experiments, including randomization and quasi-experimental approaches. Monitor study implementation and data collection. Execute rapid cycle data analyses. Working with teams across Aledade to identify implications of analysis results and translate findings into action. Develop dashboards, reports, and data visualizations that communicate insights from the data and inspire action. Presenting analysis results to internal and external audiences, including company executives, product development and ACO operations teams, and clinical staff at Aledade and in our partner practices. Contributing to broader dissemination of learnings via external publications, conferences, and other venues as applicable. Preferred qualifications: Excellent quantitative analysis abilities, grounded in epidemiology, biostatistics, econometrics, health informatics, health care analytics or related field. Demonstrated ability to conduct nuanced analyses to produce accurate and unbiased results and tell the story of those results in data visualizations and reports. Experience in descriptive and predictive analysis methods, including regression and classification techniques. Experience with causal analysis including designing and conducting experimental and quasi-experimental studies (e.g., randomized trials; regression discontinuity, difference-in-differences, instrumental variables, and matched designs). Experience with health care data sources such as claims, electronic health record, event notification, clinical, and patient reported data. Advanced data manipulation skills, including a strong foundation in SQL programming. Knowledge of standard methods for measuring health care utilization, spending, quality, and outcomes; risk adjustment; provider profiling; and related analytical tasks. Intense attention to detail and data quality assurance. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and manage competing deadlines and priorities. Thinks beyond their immediate team and contributes to making Aledade holistically better (active engagement in D&I efforts, culture initiatives, facilitating training, leading roundtables, etc.) If you are passionate about transforming the healthcare system into one that best serves the needs of patients, doctors, and society, we’d love for you to join us! Who We Are: Aledade is a leader in population health that is using innovative, value based solutions to transform the way physicians interact with their patients. We are on a mission to change healthcare for the better and solve complex problems within the healthcare system. We follow the simple but radical idea that Aledade only succeeds when our partner practices succeed. From our cutting-edge technology platform to practice transformation services, we provide physicians with everything they need to create and run an accountable care organization (ACO), revamping the way they practice and getting them back to where they should be: quarterbacking their patients’ health care! Our customized solutions help clinicians in communities across America preserve their autonomy, deliver better care to their patients, reduce overall costs, and keep independent physician practices flourishing. What Does This Mean for You? At Aledade, you will be part of a creative culture that is driven by a passion for tackling complex issues with respect, open-mindedness, and a desire to learn. You will work with team members that bring a wide range of experiences, interests, backgrounds, beliefs, and achievements to their work, united by a shared passion for public health and a commitment to the Aledade mission. We’ve recently been recognized as a Top Workplace by The Washington Post, Best Workplace in HealthCare & Biopharma, Top 100 Best Small & Medium Workplaces, Glassdoor Best Places to Work, a Best and Brightest Companies to Work for in the Nation, a Tech Tribune 10 Best Tech Startups in Maryland and Bethesda, Best Tech for Good, Best Workplaces for Millennials, Best Workplaces for Women, Best Workplaces for Parents, and a 2020 Inno on Fire by DC Inno.  That’s because the things that matter to you also matter to us! In addition to time off to support work-life balance and enjoyment, we offer the following comprehensive benefits package designed for the needs of our team-members: Flexible work schedules and ability to work remotely available for many roles Educational Assistant Program Robust time off plan (21 days of PTO in your first year!) Paid Volunteer Days 10 paid holidays 12 weeks paid Parental Leave for all new parents 6 weeks paid sabbatical Health, dental and vision insurance paid up to 80% for employees, dependents, and domestic partners 401(k) with up to 4% match Stock options Monthly cell phone stipend Weekly catered lunches Jeans everyday workplace Gender neutral bathrooms And more! At Aledade, we don’t just accept differences, we celebrate them! We strive to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified individuals representing the diverse communities where we live and work. Aledade is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Employment policies and decisions at Aledade are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth or medical conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), gender identity or expression, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, marital status, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
We are looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our company.We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights.In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We also want to see a passion for machine-learning and research.Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions. Required Skills: 3 Yrs to 6 Yrs Masters in Computer Science with Data Science Skills Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R,Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc. Great communication skills Experience with data visualisation tools, such as D3.js, GGplot,etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, etc. Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB Cassandra, HBase Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Good scripting and programming skills Data-oriented personality Key Responsibilities: Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms Combine models through ensemble modeling Present information using data visualization techniques Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges Collaborate with engineering and product development teams
Facebook is seeking a Research Scientist to join the Core Data Science team. Individuals in this role are research scientists, but should also be comfortable acting as a software engineer and data analyst depending on team needs. Successful candidates must have a passion for collaborative, reproducible, and transparent research that deploys state-of-the-art statistical methods for private data disclosure. They will work closely with internal and external partners, including computational social scientists, to facilitate and conduct novel research as well as implement, design, and create datasets that ensure both privacy and utility. Enable external research: construct requirements for the release of data for external research, create designs to facilitate privacy-aware research, and build privacy-preserving datasets Quantify and understand risks from data disclosure and tradeoffs with dataset utility Collaborate with Facebook software engineering teams to implement, test, and validate privacy-aware systems Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a PhD, in Statistics or related field Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment Experience learning and applying state-of-the-art practices and methodologies for data disclosure including differential privacy and synthetic data generation Experience analyzing and understanding structured but noisy datasets End-to-end experience assembling, manipulating, and analyzing data (including data extraction, cleaning, visualization, presentation, etc.) in R and/or Python Practical experience storing, processing, and releasing privacy-sensitive information Familiarity with applied cryptography and secure computation techniques such as zero knowledge proofs, secure multi-party computing, homomorphic encryption, etc. Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
Do you want to join the newly open Bulgarian research & development center of Boston's hottest startup? Insurify is one of the fastest-growing MIT FinTech businesses and has been recognized as a global Top 100 InsurTech company. We're changing the way millions of people compare and buy insurance with artificial intelligence, technology, and superior product design. Founded in 2013 by Snejina Zacharia (CEO), Todor Kiryazov (CPO) and Giorgos Zacharia, Co-founder and Board Member, Insurify has raised $28 million in venture capital funding from top investors including Viola Group, MTech Capital, Hearst Ventures, Nationwide Ventures and MassMutual Ventures. Our team is highly analytical, fast-moving, and focused on one thing: getting more people to compare insurance quotes using Insurify. How you will make an impact Partner closely with the Marketing team to assist in the development of more sophisticated bidding and targeting methodologies across Paid Search, Retargeting, and Email campaigns Develop clustering models in order to identify user profiles to effectively advertise against across our channels or personalise the product Develop customer churn models and help optimize when is best to re-target customers with display or email advertisements to bring them back Models to power product personalisation to improve customer conversions What you need to succeed Experience with building and using machine learning models with clear business impact Strong skills and experience in Python (numpy, pandas, sklearn, etc) and SQL Quick learning ability and a drive suitable for the startup hustle As an early member of a small team, emphasise on interactive approach to delivering data products Experience with clarifying a business problem, identify and implement good solution Strong quantitative and programming skills with a product-driven sensibility Graduate Degree in technical/quantitative disciplines Fluent spoken and written use of English language Benefits Employee stock options 25 days annual leave Enhanced private medical & dental insurance plans Team buildings and events We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
Posting Duration  This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.  What Your Job Will Be Like  Are you passionate about providing support to end-users and using quality principles in the development of solutions? Are you open to learning new toolsets in order to grow the impact you have on the organization? If so, you will want to consider applying for this opportunity. We are seeking a Machine Learning Engineer to implement machine learning and deep learning algorithms and prototype applications relevant to mission programs at Sandia National Laboratories. On any given day, you may be called on to: Implement algorithms from recent machine learning and deep learning literature Build machine learning prototypes for use in research assessments and experimentation Provide machine learning models for productionization teams Provide back end integration and productionization guidance to advance the capabilities Qualifications We Require  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field At least 6 months of experience in machine learning Experience in one or more machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras and Scikit-learn Experience with Python and Linux environments Ability to acquire and maintain a DOE Q clearance Qualifications We Desire  Master's degree in Computer Science or related field Experience with implementation of the full software development process using iterative or agile methods Experience with large, complex scientific and technical software systems engineering, development and deployment Experience with text analytics, including preprocessing of unstructured information, dimension reduction techniques, and application of supervised/unsupervised algorithms Strong analytical and critical thinking skills to identify creative solutions Experience building and maintaining diverse, teaming relationships at all levels of internal and external organizations Success in multi-functional teams to facilitate and drive integrated, multi-disciplinary solutions to complex operational problems Ability to communicate effectively and influentially to program partners in oral presentations, written analyses, concise reporting and visualizations Ability to prioritize, manage, and complete multiple projects within appropriate scope and timeframe Ability to acquire and maintain a SCI clearance About Our Team  The Machine Intelligence & Application Engineering department is responsible for providing state-of-the-art technologies and expertise in machine learning and application development to mission programs. The department provides application development and support in cyber security, computer vision, complex systems, machine learning, high performance computing and other mission spaces in support of Sandia's national security missions.  Position Information  This Limited Term Employee (LTE) position is a temporary position for one year term, which may be renewed at Sandia's discretion up to a maximum of seven years. Individuals in LTE positions may bid on regular Sandia positions as internal candidates, and in some cases may be converted to regular career positions during their term if warranted by ongoing operational needs, continuing availability of funds, and satisfactory job performance.  About Sandia  Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs: Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwideExtraordinary co-workersSome of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the worldCareer advancement and enrichment opportunitiesFlexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance* World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov These benefits vary by job classification.  Security Clearance  Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted. Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.  EEO  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
DEEP LEARNING ENGINEER MEDICAL TECH COMPANY UNITED STATES - REMOTE WORK  $100,000 - $120,000 Do you possess a strong background in medical imaging and computer vision? Do you want to work in a growing AI team at a company that is making huge advancements in the telehealth industry? Keep reading!! THE COMPANY This fast growing company has dedicated itself to using AI to change the teleheath industry. They are well established and well funded and have received attention around the globe. They are working on building out a new AI team that is going to change the way people are receiving a health service from the comfort of their own home. THE ROLE - DEEP LEARNING ENGINEER As a Deep Learning Engineer, you will be working in a small AI team and will be involved in helping build out the team as well You will be developing computer vision and deep learning models for 3D reconstruction, video analysis, and image analysis You will be working heavily with Python and working with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch and TensorFlow You will be involved in bringing the models from research into production and getting them ready for deployment You will be working on image processing and 3D reconstruction of images and videos provided by the company's customers YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE MSc or PhD in a related area, preferably in biomedical engineering. medical imaging or computer vision At least 1-2 years of industry experience working on image/video processing and 3d reconstruction Proven experience with delivering AI algorithms and putting them into production preferred Strong technical skillset in Python, Keras, TensorFlow and PyTorch Prior experience with developing DL models and algorithms and working with different types of medical imaging modalities BENEFITS  You can expect to earn up to $120,000 (depending on experience) as a Deep Learning Engineer. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your resume to Annie Nasharr via the apply link on this page. KEYWORDS Computer vision, healthcare, deep learning, medical imaging, object detection, image classification, computer science, artificial intelligence, C++, Python, Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, image analysis, research, MRI, CT , 3D Reconstruction, image processing
Summary Posted: Apr 8, 2021 Role Number:200214936 Want to contribute to the platform enabling the next generation of intelligent experiences in Apple products & services? Our group builds web-based tools that machine learning engineers from many Apple organizations depend on to create high impact product features. As a senior software engineer on our team you will lead the design and implementation of major new pieces of our popular internal machine learning platform. You’ll work with data scientists and ML engineers to identify useful and innovative functionality for model training and evaluation pipelines and then make it happen. Our friendly, enthusiastic, and accomplished team is actively growing; you will be encouraged and supported to do the best work of your career here, and you will have tremendous opportunity for impact. We offer a flexible, family-friendly working environment and a wide range of benefits. Key Qualifications Demonstrated experience delivering reliable, scalable, performant, and secure web-based systems and services in production. Expert software design and development skills, and a passion for code quality. Strong foundation in computer science fundamentals including data structures and algorithms. Creative, collaborative, and focused on user experience and value. Can independently prioritize and make progress on multiple work streams. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Comfortable representing our work to partners and leaders. Description This role includes the following responsibilities and requirements: * Architecture, design, development, debugging, documentation, and operation of large-scale systems designed for machine learning. This includes distributed systems for data management and computation as well as web oriented APIs and user interfaces. You should be comfortable and eager to work on either the front or back end of web based products. * Partner with data scientists and ML engineers across different Apple organizations to define high impact product features and deliver them with quality. Take pride and ownership in delivering delightful user experiences. * Be able to stay on top of state-of-the-art technologies and apply them in the job. * Lead other engineers and demonstrate best practices for software engineering. Support and mentor junior engineers. * Be knowledgable and productive with a wide variety of front and back-end technologies. Experience with any of the following technologies is particularly desirable: TypeScript, Python, Go, Java, HTML/CSS, React, Redis, PostgreSQL, Kafka, Spark, Solr or ElasticSearch, Docker/Kubernetes, AWS, Git. * Previous experience with machine learning pipelines, model evaluation, and data visualization is a plus. Education & Experience B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Science or related field
Organization: Accenture Federal Services Location: Washington, DC We are: Accenture Federal Services, helping our federal clients tackle their toughest challenges while unleashing their fullest potential…and then some. What makes our approach so unique? Operating from the nation’s capital, we bring together commercial innovation and leading-edge technologies to deliver an integrated and interactive experience that far exceeds expectations. How? Our passion meets purpose! Through our diverse culture and inclusive thinking, we embrace our employees' ideas taking them from concept to practical solutions. Not to mention, we sleep well at night knowing our work directly impacts and improves the way the world works. We keep our tech smarts sharp by providing abundant training and certification opportunities. Are you ready to learn and grow in a career, while making a difference? You are: A teacher and problem solver. Skilled in making sense of the complex for the average Joe and Jane to understand. Always up for a challenge, you can take any complicated data mess from drab to fab and turn it into a descriptive story. Whether it’s building dashboards, using algorithms to create images, or identifying trends, you totally geek out. Unlike the rest, you have an edge that allows you to see and apply your work through a human lens. You know some people are visual learners and just need to see things on paper to get it. Ready to work with some of the brightest minds in this space? Then join us, where you’ll be able to create solutions for clients that bring data to life! The work: Execution and maintenance of existing Tableau and Excel based dashboards Work with client leadership to identify additional opportunities to apply analytic capabilities to new and existing dashboards Provide the organization with reporting, analysis, and data visualization support as needed for day-to-day activities Identify opportunities to improve and automate dashboard and visualization solutions Lead a technical team to solve clients’ solutions while being hands on  Here is what experience you need: Building visualizations and dashboards in Tableau or related Business Intelligence tools Maintaining reporting, reviewing the analytics, and dashboard functionality Building automation using Visual Basic Leading projects or small to medium technical teams Bachelor's degree Bonus Points If: Master's Degree in Math, Computer Science, and/or Data Science The Extras: One more thing, this role requires US Citizenship Important Information: An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status). Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. Equal Employment Opportunity All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information.
Job Summary The NOAA Physical Sciences Laboratory (PSL) seeks to fill a Research Associate position to develop novel data assimilation capabilities using new advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning. Research areas include model emulation, forecast error covariance estimation, assimilation of high-resolution satellite data, and enhancement of data assimilation solution methods. These will all be developed with the targeted goal of producing a coupled atmosphere-ocean data assimilation capability for applications such as hurricane forecasts and subseasonal-to-seasonal prediction.  The University of Colorado Boulder is committed to building a culturally diverse community of faculty, staff, and students dedicated to contributing to an inclusive campus environment. We are an Equal Opportunity employer, including veterans and individuals with disabilities. Who We Are At CIRES, the Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences, more than 800 environmental scientists work to understand the dynamic Earth system, including people’s relationship with the planet. CIRES is a partnership of NOAA and the University of Colorado Boulder, and our areas of expertise include weather and climate, changes at the Earth’s poles, air quality and atmospheric chemistry, water resources, and solid Earth sciences. Our vision is to be instrumental in ensuring a sustainable future environment by advancing the scientific and societal understanding of the Earth system. https://cires.colorado.edu/ Physical Sciences Laboratory website: https://psl.noaa.gov/ What Your Key Responsibilities Will Be Own an original effort in the development of new data assimilation methodologies that integrate artificial intelligence and machine learning. Perform supportive activities such as software development, conducting experiments using high-performance computing and cloud computing, and pre and post-processing of data as needed for analysis and visualization. Participate in regular discussion sessions with collaborators. Publish results in peer-reviewed journals. What You Should Know This position will be rostered in CIRES at the University of Colorado Boulder but will be physically situated in the David Skaggs Research Center, 325 Broadway, Boulder, CO 80305. If you are the selected finalist you will be required to pass a federal laboratory background clearance for site access. What We Can Offer CIRES can offer a generous compensation package. Salary is commensurate with education and experience and determined based on our CIRES internal career track classification. The annual hiring salary range for this position is $70,000.00 - $75,000.00. Benefits The University of Colorado offers excellent benefits, including medical, dental, retirement, paid time off, tuition benefit and ECO Pass. The University of Colorado Boulder is one of the largest employers in Boulder County and offers an inspiring higher education environment. Learn more about the University of Colorado Boulder. Be Statements Be Collaborative. Be Inclusive. Be Boulder. What We Require A relevant Ph.D. degree is required for this role. Experience in one or more fields is required: Data Assimilation, Mathematical Optimization, Atmospheric or Oceanic Science, Applied Mathematics and Statistics, Computer Science, Computational Science, Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning. What You Will Need Experience with high performance computing and/or cloud computing. Knowledge of data assimilation (particularly ensemble and variational methods), mathematical optimization, or related AI methods (e.g. advanced applications of recurrent neural networks, computer vision scene reconstruction). Knowledge of dynamical systems or geophysical systems. Interest in geophysical AI applications. What We Would Like You To Have Experience with forecasting in the Geosciences. Experience with data processing and data visualization. Experience with high-performance computing, including both CPU and GPU architectures. Experience with Python, C++, Fortran, or equivalent high-level languages. Experience with deep learning and related software tools such as Pytorch or Tensorflow. Special Instructions To apply, please submit the following materials: Resume or CV Cover letter addressed to the Search Committee briefly describing your qualifications, professional goals, and specific interest in this position. List of contact information for 3 references who may be contacted on your behalf. You don’t need to include letters of recommendation with your application. If you are selected as a finalist for this role, we will also use Skillsurvey to check references. SkillSurvey is an online automated reference check solution. If you are selected as the finalist, your degree will be verified by the CU Boulder Campus Human Resources department using an approved online vendor. If your degree was obtained outside of the United States, please submit a translated version as an optional attachment. The position will be open until filled. Applications will be screened as they are received. Note: Application materials will not be accepted via email. For consideration, applications must be submitted through CU Boulder Jobs. Posting Contact Information Posting Contact Name: Steve Penny Posting Contact Email: steve.penny@noaa.gov
Job Title: Data Scientist - Metrics Location: Bellevue WA Duration: 1 Year  Summary:  The main function of the Data Scientist is to produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets.   Job Responsibilities: Apply knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement. Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data. Generate and test hypotheses and analyze and interpret the results of product experiments. Work with product engineers to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features and provide guidelines for large-scale implementation. Provide Business Intelligence (BI) and data visualization support, which includes, but limited to support for the online customer service dashboards and other ad-hoc requests requiring data analysis and visual support.   Skills: Experienced in either programming languages such as Python and/or R, big data tools such as Hadoop, or data visualization tools such as Tableau. The ability to communicate effectively in writing, including conveying complex information and promoting in-depth engagement on course topics. Experience working with large datasets.   Education/Experience: Master of Science degree in computer science or in a relevant field.    IND123
Assist end users with navigating analytics platforms and ensuring stakeholders have access to analytics deliverables. Create ad hoc and recurring reports through BI (Business Intelligence) applications as well as spreadsheets Perform basic to advanced ETL (extraction, transformation, loading) tasks Perform basic to advanced analyses within data domain. Develop and perform analysis presentations and write ups. Support various improvement initiatives with domain based analytic support. Develop and maintain analytic documentation related to deliverables and metadata management and ensure maintenance of recurring reports. Assist senior analytics personnel and analytics leadership in the deployment of advanced analytic deliverables. Communicate with stakeholders and ensure effective time management across multiple projects. May complete unit/department specific duties and expectations as outlined in department documents.  Qualifications Requires one (1) year of experience in decision support, analysis or quality reporting or a Master's degree in health administration, business administration, data science, or a related area. Bachelor’s degree is strongly preferred. One (1) year of healthcare industry experience. Experience in SQL and data reporting and visualization is strongly preferred. Business intelligence experience in PowerBI, Tableau, Business Objects, Cognos, Cerner HealtheIntent, Python. Additional license/certification requirements as determined by the hiring department.  Applicants with diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
About Us We are a smaller and rapidly growing team of data nerds. The data science team at SimioCloud handles many different projects and we are looking to add our next team member. We are a group of passionate technology professionals who are committed to delivering best-in-class data, data science and software solutions for the nonprofit space. We care deeply about our clients’ needs and understand that the work we do has a direct impact on their ability to improve the lives of many people and further their missions. We believe in our people and our team as a place for growth, contribution and exciting challenges.About the JobYou will become the newest team member in a group with a diverse background from many industries coming together to build products from the ground up.As a data analyst you will help us build predictive models, organize client deliverables and execute on strategic initiatives. You will be responsible for building predictive solutions and running many ad hoc analytic products in a cloud-based environment as well as directly contributing to the development and enhancements of those products. You will learn and be expected to understand the business needs of our data, how we apply it and what we build from it. In this role you will have visibility and growth into many different areas of Analytics, Data Science and Engineering Development. You will be challenged to learn new things and your input to make enhancements is expected. Your key responsibilities include:Managing a list of client deliverables and meeting order datesBuilding and executing predictive modelsExecuting and adding to data products that support our product offeringsThe ability to comprehend the business applications of the dataOperate between various environments from disk to cloud with the appropriate toolsKeep organized and contribute to a system that allows growthConsult with developers and other data people as well as non-technical marketing partners and clientsAdditional ResponsibilitiesDoing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear mannerEnhancing and optimizing data flows, our path forward and how we organize workParticipating in Agile workflows to tackle larger development effortsDevelop simple automated scripts and basic tools that move products forwardAbout You - Skills and QualificationsWe are looking for individuals who are energized by challenge, growth and change; for individuals that want to build products and solutions in a fast-paced business environment.Be an aggressive life-long learnerCan navigate around changing environments to accomplish tasksSkills with database manipulation and writing query languages such as SQLExperience with data tools like AlteryxExperience with common data science toolkits, such as R or PythonExceptional communication skillsExperience with data visualization tools, such as PowerBIEducation / Experience The ideal candidate will have some combination of the following experience/education:Advanced Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or Computer Science1+ year experience in a business environment with an emphasis in consumer marketingExperience with consumer data productsPrevious technical training and hands-on data workAbout SimioCloud:SimioCloud with office locations in Westminster, CO is part of Moore and brings creative solutions, powerful technology, and cost-effective products to the nonprofit industry.This role is based in Westminster, CO and the team is located in that area. Currently this role will be remote due to COVID-19 until safe for everyone to regroup in an office location.“At SimioCloud, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armor believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $60,000.00 per hourBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:We sanitize all common areas, enforce social distancing, and have cleaning stations throughout the building.Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes
Description Job Description: The Defense Health Operation of Leidos is currently looking for a Data Scientist to support the Warfighter Performance Department at the Naval Submarine Medical Research Laboratory (NSMRL) in Groton, CT. NSMRL conducts research and investigates the effects of medical, psychological, and performance issues associated with the health and performance of naval personnel in operational and non-operational settings. Primary Responsibilities The ideal candidate shall: Provide data analytic support in the areas of psychological and behavioral research, specifically in predictive validation of submariner screening and selection data. Develop and evaluate appropriate methodologies, write standards of procedure to perform appropriate methodologies, and perform quality assurance checks to ensure that appropriate methodologies are followed consistently. Support NSMRL staff and other professional entities on current and future research projects. Manage and maintain databases for research studies. Prepare summaries and publications for non-research technical and general audiences. Report findings, outcomes and recommendations to the fleet through formal meetings, presentations, briefings and publications. Coordinate approval of publication of technical information. Work is to be performed on a government installation. The normal work week is Monday - Friday 0800 to 1630. Basic Qualifications The candidate will be required to acquire, at a minimum, a SECRET classification access level. Preference will be given to a candidate who already has this clearance level. Due to Federal contract requirements, US citizenship is required. MS or PhD in a quantitative or technical field (computer science, mathematics, statistics) with at least 1 year of post-graduate experience in a formal research or applied setting and a minimum of one year in data science/analytics . Applicants without a graduate degree in a quantitative or technical field may be considered with at least 5-7 years of relevant experience in data science/analytics. Outstanding quantitative modeling and statistical analysis skills, including expertise in causal inference and machine learning. Expertise in at least one statistical software package (e.g., R, MATLAB, Python). Experience in human subject research (especially psychological and behavioral research) will be given strong preference. Preferred Qualifications Experience within a Government or military organization. External Referral Bonus: Eligible External Referral Bonus $: $2,000 Potential for Telework: No Clearance Level Required: Secret Travel: No Scheduled Weekly Hours: 40 Shift: Day Requisition Category: Professional Job Family: Data Scientist Pay Range:
ARI, part of the Holman Automotive Group and headquartered in Mt. Laurel, N.J., is a billion-dollar global vehicle fleet leasing and management company that prides itself on providing exceptional service. A recognized leader in the industry and the largest fleet management company in North America. Ranked #24 on FORTUNE magazine’s 100 “Best Places to Work” and #17 on Computerworld’s Best Places to Work in IT. ARI has more than 65 years of experience offering its employees a place where their careers and personal development can thrive.ARI is currently accepting applications for the position of Data Analyst. This is a Full Time position within ARI’s Business Intelligence and Analytics Group.Principal Purpose of Position: Participation in team initiatives as directed by the Supervisor.Completion of project portions to support Supervisor direction.Completion of stretch assignments as required by Supervisor.Capable of independently executing on all phases of a project.Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques.Identify and leverage subject matter experts and resources within other departments at ARI as necessary throughout duration of project.Engage with clients, prospects and internal stakeholders to uncover needs, challenges or goals, map out project objectives and deliverables, design custom solutions and establish timeline for project completion working primarily with ARI’s core customer base.Deriving business insight and developing recommendations by leveraging industry knowledge and experience with state-of-the-art advanced analytic and quantitative tools, modeling techniques, and data mining procedures.Produce data narratives using our analytical toolset for consumption by internal stakeholders.Develop communication that provides clear description of tools and methodologies to promote understanding among user groups.Assist in the creation of analytical models to help advance the application of data science to the fleet management industry.Facilitation of the departmental onboarding processEnhance current financial & quantitative analysis tools.Participate in and present information to clients & prospects during meetings to support ARI sales efforts.Relevant Work Experience: Minimum 12-18 months in Data Analyst I role or similar.Demonstrated experience in performing data analysis and ability to perform research using the internet, industry publications, and other research tools.Demonstrated a clear ability to drive results for internal and external clients in the area of data analytics.Ability to analyze data, draw logical conclusions and prepare and present a quality data narrative.Advanced skills in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word & PowerPoint)Advanced proficiency in Tableau, Business Objects or other business intelligence reporting tools preferred.Minimum 12-18 months experience in a professional environment.Minimum 12-18 months experience working with data and making well developed recommendations.Minimum 12-18 months experience which includes client engagement/customer service.Education and/or Training: BA/BS degree required. Preferably in the field of: Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics or Computer Science.MBA or technical Master’s in relevant field preferred.Valid Passport - Some travel may be required in Canada or US (up to 25%).Intermediate proficiency with SQL or similar preferred.Job Type: Full-timePay: $75,000.00 - $90,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftAbility to commute/relocate:Mount Laurel, NJ 08054: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Tableau: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
About the Role Are you interested in working at the intersection of machine learning (ML), economics, engineering, and data science? Are you passionate about developing next-generation algorithms to power a variety of unique solutions in the pricing and logistics spaces? If so, then this is the job for you. We are looking for a brilliant Data Sciencer leader to spearhead data science challenges (i.e. modeling and algorithmic development) work in the Marketplace area for Uber Eats. What You'll Do Lead technical data science teams. Your deep technical knowledge will allow you to work across data science, product and engineering teams working together to build a great product. Lead the creation of pragmatic, prioritized, actionable roadmaps that effectively distill vision and strategy into efficiently shipped results. Be creative - relentlessly identify new ideas and data sources to solve very difficult problems. Distill the vision and strategy for the team(s) to generate enthusiasm Be deeply truth-seeking. Collect whatever data is necessary to inform product direction. Solicit and embrace critical feedback. Collaborate with Uber internal stakeholders, including product, engineering, product operations, finance, legal, policy and global operations teams to ensure that our technology supports Uber's business objectives, globally. Drive cross-functional team to set qualitative objectives and quantitative goals Comfortable enough with research methodologies to address abstract business and product problems with utmost precision. Basic Qualifications Excellent educational background in computer science, machine learning, statistics, applied math, economics, operations research, or a related field. PhD degree preferred. Strong expertise in data science/machine learning. Prior research or industry experience in Pricing, Optimization, Auctions preferred. Preferred Qualification Bias towards action and impact - able to structure a project from idea, prototyping, productionization to impact quantification. Industry experience with a proven track record of delivering impactful results preferred. Passionate and attentive self-starter, great communicator, amazing follow-through - you have a great work ethic and love the responsibility of being held accountable for the results. At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 10,000 cities around the world. We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let's move the world forward, together. Uber is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing the form.
Our client is looking for a talented professional that is driven to do meaningful work to change healthcare from the inside out. They offer fully paid, low or no-deductible medical, dental and vision insurance for our employees and their families.About the PositionYou will collaborate with Engineering, Product, and Customer Success on a variety of data science projects to support our products, identify gaps in performance, develop new algorithms, and prototype new featuresPerform root cause analysis to identify problems or gaps in our systems and algorithmsAssist in creating short- and long-term roadmaps for improving our algorithms and productsBuild tools to measure, monitor, and improve data quality across a distributed, cloud-based systemImprove machine learning models through feature engineering, algorithm experimentation, and discovering new data sourcesRapidly prototype proof-of-concept features for new and existing productsPerform ad-hoc queries and analyses to answer questions about data quality and availabilityParticipate in team development and project management activities as required for your development, support, and design activitiesAbout YouExperience solving messy, complex problems with real-world dataExcellent hacking skills; the ability to quickly build a POC or make a baseline measurements in order to re-evaluate and iterateGeneral, foundational knowledge in machine learning with bonus points for experience deploying and managing models in productionStrong background in Python and the open-source data science stack and SQL skillsExperience collaborating on a shared codebaseExperience working in a cloud environment (we use AWS)Ability to clearly communicate results to technical and non-technical audiencesSkills You Might HavePreferred: Background in NLP, geocoding/geographic information standardization, MLOps, and/or ML feature extraction/engineering.Preferred: Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Computer Science, Physics, Economics, Math)Preferred: Strong scientific research backgroundPreferred: 1+ years of experience as a data scientist in industryJob Type: Full-timePay: $90,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftCOVID-19 considerations:Our COVID Commitment: VEDA is committed to prioritizing the health, safety and emotional well being of our employees and their families. That means allowing our employees to choose to work remotely until there is a widely available vaccine.Application Question(s):Are you presently authorized to work in the U.S. without a requirement for work authorization sponsorship?Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Experience:Python: 1 year (Required)AWS: 1 year (Required)SQL: 1 year (Required)Machine learning: 1 year (Required)Work Location:Fully Remote
Summary Posted: Jul 26, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200269900 The AI/ML Information Intelligence team is creating groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence, machine learning and natural language processing! The features we create are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Our universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages and Lookup. As part of this group, you will be doing large scale machine learning and deep learning to improve Query Understanding and Ranking of search and developing fundamental building blocks needed for Artificial Intelligence. This involves developing sophisticated machine learning models, using word embeddings and deep learning to understand the quality of matches, online learning to react quickly to change, natural language processing to understand queries, taking advantage of petabytes of data and signals from millions of users and combining information from multiple sources to provide the user with results that best satisfies their intent and information seeking needs. Key Qualifications Experience in machine learning, deep learning, information retrieval, natural language processing or data mining Proficiency in one of following languages: Python, Go, Java, C++ Excellent knowledge and good practical skills in major machine learning algorithms Excellent data analytical skills Experience with large scale search and machine learning systems is highly desired Experience with Hadoop, Hive, and/or Impala is a plus Good interpersonal skills Good team player Description As a member of our fast-paced group, you’ll have the unique and rewarding opportunity to shape upcoming products from Apple. We are looking for people with excellent applied machine learning experience and solid engineering skills in creating outstanding search service. This role will have the following responsibilities: - Analyzing search ranking and relevance requirements, issues and opportunities - Understanding product requirements, translate them into modeling tasks and engineering tasks - Building machine learned models for search relevance, ranking and query understanding problems - Integrating search functions into Apple products, such as Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages, Lookup, etc. - Building end-to-end production system including query understanding and ranking to power search - Utilizing Spark, Hadoop MapReduce, Hive, Impala to perform distributed data processing Education & Experience MS or Ph.D in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Science or related field
We are seeking an Excel expert software engineer with excellent general technology expertise and problem-solving skills to build and run new software modules in our cutting-edge proprietary software suite. Candidates can have any education background but a degree in computer science, data science, and/or finance is a plus. Extreme location and hours flexibility, and commission component of compensation plan can result in extremely lucrative position for high achievers. Excellent performers will have extreme growth and management opportunities as well. Position Details Responsibilities Understand current technical problems related to analyzing and reporting on large datasets, and design and implement elegant software solutions Prepare and run specific software modules with emphasis on refining and improving the software modules and workflows Position work schedule has inherent flexibility and working from home is recommended Compensation: Total compensation well above-market for high achievers including commission based on percentage of productivity with no cap or limit; excellent performers will have significant future growth roadmap as well Qualifications General coding experience required; Excel expertise required; automation, SQL Server, and/or Python expertise valued Expertise with large dataset and database analytics required Verbal and written communications skills required Ability to quickly learn a variety of new software programs important
Duties Summary The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) is a federal Cabinet department of the U.S. government concerned with transportation. The principal responsibility of this position is participation in the development and application of statistical methodology for DOT studies, analysis, statistics and data programs. The assignments require careful planning, efficient coordination of effort among DOT staff, the application of mature practical and scientific judgment, and a high degree of originality.  Responsibilities As a Mathematical Statistician, you will:  Work with economists, transportation specialists, analysts, and other statisticians in conducting analysis in transportation and in broad social, economic, safety, environmental, technological, or national security areas related to transportation. Participate in developing statistical methodologies for projects that meets OMB and international standards. Participate in agency programs for mathematical statistical review and analysis of transportation data, products, and information. Conduct comprehensive quality assessments of statistical information products within the DOT. Participate in review of the sources of data and reliability of the statistics proposed by the agency to generate outputs and outcomes as required by the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 and Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act of 2018 and review information on the sources and reliability of other data collected by the DOT. Participate in establishing project goals, statistical standards, data quality measurement guidelines, and procedures for maintaining the highest information quality possible for DOT. Provide technical support for examination, evaluation, and improvement in data quality from surveys, administrative records, metadata, auxiliary data and other data sources.  The ideal candidate for this position is a highly motivated, skilled professional who can work collaboratively with all levels of project staff, key internal and external stakeholders, and others to explore innovative methods of data collection related to transportation statistics. The Mathematical Statistician is responsible for the design and operation of the statistical research. The ideal candidate is familiar with a full range of mathematical statistical data, especially transportation related data. The ability to work cooperatively and communicate well is also critical to this position. PLEASE NOTE: This announcement establishes an open continuous (12 month) vacancy announcement. Given our continuing need for top professionals in this field, we will review applications on an as needed basis. We will give equal consideration to all applications we receive. Duty locations will vary. The difference in salary is determined by the locality pay in each location. Salaries for all areas are available on the OPM website at: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/pay-leave/salaries-wages/salary-tables/pdf/2020/GS.pdf Travel Required Occasional travel - Some travel may be required for this position. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 14 Job family (Series) 1529 Mathematical Statistics Similar jobs Statisticians Requirements  Requirements Conditions of Employment You must be a U.S. citizen & meet specialized experience to qualify Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date Required documents must be submitted by the closing date. Direct Hire Authority will be used to fill this position CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:  SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the Selective Service. GOVERNMENT TRAVEL CARD: This position involves some travel. A government contractor-issued travel card will be issued and must be retained for official business only. PROBATIONARY PERIOD: Applicants may be required to successfully complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).  Qualifications To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must (1) meet the Education Requirement for the series, (2) provide a copy of transcripts for verification, AND (3) meet either the education or experience qualifications for the grade at which you are requesting consideration.  To qualify for the GS-14, you must have at least one year of experience equal or equivalent to the GS-13, it must include:  Experience applying advanced statistical techniques to experimental or survey design, data analysis, sampling, forecasting, quality control, and operations research; developing and/or presenting professional papers or reports on statistical studies or surveys; designing and conducting complex statistical analyses; serve as a technical expert on various statistical analyses and methods; plan and execute a variety of complex projects and develop recommendations requiring technical and administrative judgment; experience with a Systems Development Lifecycle; developing listing and mapping applications, and developing collection methodology; and/or experience writing, auditing, and identifying new procedures for automated or computer-assisted statistical survey operations.  KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:  1. Mathematical Reasoning - Solves practical problems by choosing appropriately from a variety of mathematical and statistical techniques.  2. Statistical Theory and Models – Applies mathematical statistical theory, measures and models for developing and implementing projects;  3. Data Fluency - Analyzes and evaluates the quality, accuracy and validity of data Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.  For additional information about applying to Federal positions, please click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-policies/#url=e4 Education MANDATORY EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS:  Degree: that included 24 semester hours of mathematics and statistics, of which at least 12 semester hours were in mathematics and 6 semester hours were in statistics OR Combination of education and experience - at least 24 semester hours of mathematics and statistics, including at least 12 hours in mathematics and 6 hours in statistics, as shown in A above, plus appropriate experience or additional education.  Evaluation of Education:  Courses acceptable toward meeting the mathematics course requirement of paragraphs A or B above must have included at least four of the following: differential calculus, integral calculus, advanced calculus, theory of equations, vector analysis, advanced algebra, linear algebra, mathematical logic, differential equations, or any other advanced course in mathematics for which one of these was a prerequisite. Courses in mathematical statistics or probability theory with a prerequisite of elementary calculus or more advanced courses will be accepted toward meeting the mathematics requirements, with the provision that the same course cannot be counted toward both the mathematics and the statistics requirement. Additional information Multiple selections will be made from this vacancy.  PLEASE NOTE: If you are hired for this position; you will not receive additional consideration from this announcement.  This vacancy may be used by any DOT agency to fill similar positions.   How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. For this announcement, all applicants will be reviewed to determine if they meet the basic qualifications for this position, specifically the educational and specialized experience requirements.  Applicants will not be rated or ranked. Veteran's Preference does NOT apply.  All applications that are verified to meet the basic qualifications will be referred to the selecting official.  DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE: PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. All answers provided in the on-line process must be substantiated by a resume. If, upon review, it is determined that your resume and/or supporting documents do not support your answer choices, your application may be removed from consideration.  Ultimately, the Automated Staffing Office is responsible for determining an applicant's eligibility. Please ensure that your resume provide enough detail to support your answers to the Vacancy Specific Questions.  To preview questions please click here.  Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Other Drug test required No Position sensitivity and risk Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk Trust determination process Suitability/Fitness Required Documents  Required Documents ALL Applicants must provide a resume that fully supports the required specialized experience and was created within USA Jobs Resume Builder and respond to the vacancy questions by the closing date of the vacancy.  The following is a list of documents that are only required based on the type of position and consideration for which you are applying.  TRANSCRIPTS - Transcripts are REQUIRED. The transcripts need not be official, but must show that you meet the stated education requirements, including specific major or class requirements. Provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.  If you are currently in, or have previously held, a government position in the same series and grade, you may upload a SF-50 for verification purposes and referral. Transcript(s) will still be required if you are selected for the position.  NON COMPETITIVE APPLICANTS: If requesting concurrent consideration for Non-competitive (NC) appointment eligibility, you must provide the appropriate SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITY DOCUMENTS, such as PCS orders (military spouse) describing move & marriage certificate; letter from VA or DD214 describing 100% disability of spouse; letter from State Vocational Office certifying disability (schedule A), etc. For more information, visit military spouse NC appointments or Persons with Disabilities NC appointments.  DISPLACED EMPLOYEES: If requesting consideration under the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency CTAP program (ICTAP), you must meet the well qualified standards for this vacancy and provide all of the following documents:  your most recent performance appraisal, the proof of eligibility letter from the Agency, and your most current SF-50, displaying current series and grade.  Failure to submit any of the required documents by the closing date of the vacancy will result in your removal from consideration for this position. Please review your application prior to final submission and ensure you have submitted all appropriate documents. Uploading documents to USAJobs does NOT ensure inclusion with your application to our system. You must verify that the documents are in the system with your application prior to final submission. If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits  Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency Applications will be accepted from any U.S. citizen. Direct Hire Authority will be used to fill this position. The 'Rule of Three', Veterans Preference and traditional rating and ranking of applicants does not apply to this vacancy.
As a Consultant/Quality Analyst, you will be responsible for the integrity of the prior authorization (PA) system used for Medicare Part D Coverage Determinations and Appeals. The Consultant/Quality Analyst will work closely with PA Admin and Medicare Operations to test and validate the utilization management (UM) criteria, decision trees, drug lists, and letters that are loaded and functioning properly in the PA system. The Consultant/Quality Analyst is ultimately responsible for setting up and testing the systems that will be used for the Medicare D Open Enrollment. Ensuring the quality of PA products for business users by testing cases and doing regression testing. As a Consultant/Quality Analyst developing and executing formal test plans to ensure the delivery of quality software and to ensure that all information systems products and services meet minimum organization standards and end-user requirements.  Required Qualifications 1+ years of experience in the PBM industry 1+ years of experience with Microsoft Office applications including Word, Excel, Access  Preferred Qualifications 1+ years of previous testing experience Project management proficiency and analytical skillsGood skills for negotiating priorities among multiple high priority business tasksTeam player with the ability to work independently - Demonstrated ability to manage multiple complex, on- going projects, as well as meet timelines for critical compliance/accreditation deliverables  Strong written and verbal communication skills, including presentation skills Proven quality results experience Previous analytical experienceMedicare and prior authorization experience  Education Bachelor's degree Preferred  Business Overview At CVS Health, we are joined in a common purpose: helping people on their path to better health. We are working to transform health care through innovations that make quality care more accessible, easier to use, less expensive and patient-focused. Working together and organizing around the individual, we are pioneering a new approach to total health that puts people at the heart.  We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day. CVS Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring or promotion based on race, ethnicity, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability or protected veteran status or on any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable federal, state, or local law. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities.
Take a closer look. Join a team where you can be heard, be supported, and always be yourself. At Beckman Coulter, a Danaher company, we’re building a culture that celebrates backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives of all our associates. At first glance, you’ll see we are dedicated to advancing and optimizing the laboratory to move science and health care forward for more than 80 years. Look again and you’ll see we are invested in you and you’ll have the opportunity to build a meaningful career, be creative, and try new things with the support you need to be successful. You’ll find the Danaher Business System, which makes everything possible.And no matter where you look at Beckman Coulter, at the heart of what we do, you’ll witness our shared purpose—helping realize life’s potential—in action. Our work helps improve millions of lives.We hope you’ll see yourself here, too.We are open to remote work from any continental U.S based major city with access to an international airport.We are seeking candidates with a background in Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence. This is not a Data Scientist role.The essential requirements of the job include: Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, statistical genetics, imaging science, computational biology, computer science, applied mathematics, applied physics or similar) or equivalent practical experienceExperience developing, training, evaluating, (and perhaps deploying) deep-learning models using popular machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch and TensorFlow/KerasA firm understanding of deep neural network architectures such as CNNs and GANsExperience applying deep learning and computer vision techniques for image preprocessing, classification, object detection, segmentation, and feature extractionExperience developing, training, and evaluating tradition machine algorithms such as PCA, SVM, Random Forests, and Gradient BoostingWell-versed in current deep learning literature and neural network optimization techniques such as batch norm, pruning, model quantization, residual/skip connections, inception modules, F1 and FID metrics etc.Familiar with NVIDIA deep learning ecosystem including CUDA, GPU compute as well as Jetson Nano and Quadro GPU hardware5 years or more experienceTechnical writing of design documentsIt would be a plus if you also possess:Experience working with Docker containers and cloud-based compute environments; other tools: Git, Microsoft Azure, AWSExperience in hematology domainJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Master's (Preferred)Experience:Python: 1 year (Preferred)SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Yes
Data Scientist· Analyze and interpret data to provide insights into public diplomacy audiences around the world· Contribute to the development of data pipelines, data storage architectures, web-based user interfaces, and data visualizations to support Public Diplomacy efforts· Analyze global datasets for cross-platform reporting; provide insights into Public Diplomacy operations· Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy; identify data analysis problems, where insights will be useful to Public Diplomacy efforts· Work with social science researchers to identify relevant data needs for policy-oriented research purposes.· Compile and clean data sets from various non-traditional sources such as web pages and social media.· Create, manage, and maintain large databases for use in visualizing software like Salesforce Einstein Analytics/Tableau CRM, Tableau and PowerBI. Merge and clean flat files for data visualization. Connect internal and external data sources to data visualization platforms using APIs, Shared drives, FTP folders, etc.· Assist other offices in the development and maintenance of data management systems.· Use python, APIs, and other approaches to compile large data sets from popular websites for analysis.· Build digital dashboards and scalable tools for transnational data analyses using such products as Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, Google Data Studio, custom systems, and other software.· Build systems and methodologies to deliver marketable products that highlight organizational assets to internal stakeholders, external media partners, government agencies and Congress.· Assist social science researchers in constructing weighted modeling approaches· Interpret and present data analytics for media and digital properties from surveys, web analytics software, social media aggregators and associated apps· Collaborate with digital analysts and marketing strategists.· Use statistical computer languages to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.· Contribute to and help maintain data structure for a Public Diplomacy audience research and monitoring data portalsQualifications· A Master’s Degree or PhD in a data science, a social science discipline or related field (e.g., communications, sociology, statistics, etc.) or three years equivalent hands-on Experience.· Obtains a Top Secret Security Clearance· Data visualization prep, clearing, and data set construction. APIs, Flat files, FTP servers.· Statistical modeling - Linear regression, propensity modeling, Bayesian statistics.· Experience using the Twitter / Reddit APIs.· Advanced experience with data visualization and prep software such as (Tableau Desktop, Prep, and Server) (Power BI, Power BI Report Server).· Advanced / intermediate experience with data analysis software and languages such as R, Python (NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Keras, Flask), SAS.· Experience with Geographic Information Systems Software.· Programming experience in SAS (base SAS and macros), SQL, Python.· Ability to actively follow and apply learnings from technology industry, digital best practices, and associated audience behaviors.· Ability to supervise, work alongside, and coordinate with other team members using digital tools such as Slack, Microsoft Teams and Github.· Skill in oral and written communications (English) to interface with individuals at all levels, both within and outside the government; develop, negotiate and defend recommendations; present briefing on sensitive and controversial subjects; and provide guidance and instructions.· Skill in strategic and operational planning, organizing, directing and conducting complex studies and projects.· Commitment to a culture of learning, curiosity, and open-debate.· A self-starter who is action-oriented and results focused.· A professional who is highly organized, detail oriented, and self-motivated.· The ability to remain positive in high pressure and stressful situations.· The ability to recognize challenging issues and solve problems proactively.· Ability to inform partners about the benefits of analytics in support of objectives.Job Type: Full-timePay: $85,000.00 - $130,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Doctorate (Preferred)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Required)Security clearance:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Segmint empowers financial institutions and financial technology providers to easily understand and leverage data, interact with customers, and measure results. Derived from billions of transactions, Segmint provides the fastest and most accurate customer insights through advanced data tagging, categorization, and contextualization. Our insights enable all functions of an organization to inform strategies including competitive analysis, risk, marketing, customer experience, and product innovation.Position SummaryThe Data Engineer is responsible for the development and maintenance of Segmint’s data analytics platform and data warehouse solutions. Duties include developing, deploying, and monitoring database-centric data ingestion and analytics processes relating to anonymized banking analytics in a multi-tenant, SOC2-compliant, distributed computing environment, at scale. Also responsible for analyzing, cleansing, mapping, and integrating new, outside data models to the solution regularly. Applicants should be fast-paced, detail-oriented, organized, consistent, and analytically-minded.This position reports to our Cuyahoga Falls office but does allow for a remote working option. Our employees are currently working remote until we feel it is appropriate to offer the option to return to the office. This position can remain remote indefinitely.Required SkillsLinux/UnixBashPostgreSQL/GreenplumPythonGitAdditional SkillsS3, Lambda, etc.DockerSpark/HadoopCassandra/NoSQLD3.js, matplotlib, etc.Required Experience2+ years in data warehouse development, ETL, data pipelines, or database administrationExperience with data modeling and scaling for large data sets (1 TB+)Professional, team-based, agile software development with software development lifecycleAdditional ExperienceObject-oriented or functional application development w/ API integrationDevOps with Amazon Web Services cloud-based infrastructure productsExperience with data visualization or business intelligence toolsData preparation for data science, feature encoding/engineering, natural language processingBenefits & PerksCompetitive salary with stock optionsMedical, dental, and vision insurance available401K with employer matching programPTO benefitWe are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work within the United States; however, we are unable to sponsor visas at this time.Note: Due to the nature of Segmint’s business, it is necessary for all employees to sign an Intellectual Property Employee Agreement. Segmint Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace.Job Type: Full-time
In this role you will be advocating, educating and ensuring that machine learning (ML) teams across the enterprise are following best practices around the preferred technology stacks. As a member of the newly formed Machine Learning Center of Excellence, this position will use in-depth knowledge and experience to oversee the writing and modifying of complex software applications. This position will also create detailed specifications, conduct quality assurance reviews of peer's application programming, and act as a resource for team members with less experience.  Essential functions: Understanding business objectives and developing models that help to achieve them, along with metrics to track their progress Analyzing the ML algorithms that could be used to solve a given problem Exploring and visualizing data to gain an understanding of it, then identifying differences in data distribution that could affect performance when deploying the model in the real world Verifying data quality, and/or ensuring it via data cleaning Supervising the data acquisition process if more data is needed Defining validation strategies Defining the preprocessing or feature engineering to be done on a given dataset Defining data augmentation pipelines Training models and tuning their hyper parameters Analyzing the errors of the model and designing strategies to overcome them Deploying models to production  Technical environment / opportunity: Building NLP, Computer Vision and Time Series Machine Learning models Python and machine learning libraries such as scikit-learn, pandas, matplotlib, Spacy, BERT, GPT, OpenCV, H20.ai, etc. Deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or Keras Visualizing and manipulating big datasets Building REST APIs to operationalize ML models Domino Data Labs, Jupyter Hub ML Ops tools Git, Jenkins, New Relic, PCF Cloud deployments AWS and Azure Services related to Machine Learning Python, Spark and Hadoop Linux  This position is not eligible to be performed in Colorado.  About Cigna Cigna Corporation exists to improve lives. We are a global health service company dedicated to improving the health, well-being and peace of mind of those we serve. Together, with colleagues around the world, we aspire to transform health services, making them more affordable and accessible to millions. Through our unmatched expertise, bold action, fresh ideas and an unwavering commitment to patient-centered care, we are a force of health services innovation. When you work with us, or one of our subsidiaries, you’ll enjoy meaningful career experiences that enrich people’s lives. What difference will you make?  Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, age, disability, sex, childbirth (including pregnancy) or related medical conditions including but not limited to lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital or familial status, genetic information, status with regard to public assistance, citizenship status or any other characteristic protected by applicable equal employment opportunity laws.  If you require reasonable accommodation in completing the online application process, please email: SeeYourself@cigna.com for support. Do not email SeeYourself@cigna.com for an update on your application or to provide your resume as you will not receive a response.
The School of Information at the University of California, Berkeley seeks applications for multiple Postdoctoral Scholars, in the area of Data Science, at 100% time, to help conduct research, teach in, build, and be an integral part of our web-based Master of Information and Data Science program (datascience.berkeley.edu).  The number of positions varies from semester to semester, depending on the needs of the School. Positions typically start in January, May, and August, and appointments may be renewed based on need, funding, and performance. Due to budget restrictions, no funding is available for visa or relocation expenses.  The position will include teaching sections in our online Master's program, research collaboration, and participating in the intellectual community at the School and on the Berkeley campus. Research responsibilities include pursuing a self-directed research agenda, presenting current research to the community, and participating in research exchange events. Teaching responsibilities include lecturing, holding office hours, grading, assigning grades, advising students, and preparing course materials. In addition to teaching responsibilities, general duties include: hold office hours, assign grades, advise students, prepare course materials (e.g., syllabus), provide clear and prompt feedback on student work, and maintain the course website with support from the graduate student instructor (GSI). Postdocs are expected to teach up to 8 small sections per year as a Lecturer.  About The I School  UC Berkeley's newest school, the School of Information (I School), was created in 1994 to address one of society's most compelling challenges: the need to organize and make sense of the abundance of information that we can now collect, store, and share without regard for cost or distance. The way we organize, represent, govern, and make sense of this information will shape our ability to achieve public as well as private goals.  The I School educates professionals and scholars to understand the problems and possibilities of information, to develop models of information practice, and to design useful and usable information applications, services, and solutions. This requires insights from diverse fields. Our faculty includes scholars and professionals with deep expertise in information and computer science, social sciences, management, law, design, and policy, as well as related fields.  The I School offers three professional master's degrees and an academic doctoral degree. Our MIMS program trains students for careers as information professionals and emphasizes small classes and project-based learning. Our MIDS program trains data scientists to manage and analyze the coming onslaught of big data, in a unique high-touch online degree. Our MICS program prepares cybersecurity leaders with the technical skills and contextual knowledge necessary to develop solutions for complex cybersecurity challenges. Our Ph.D. program equips scholars to develop solutions and shape policies that influence how people seek, use, and share information.  Our students and graduates work at well-known Bay Area companies that include Apple, Google, Facebook, Salesforce, Twitter, and LinkedIn, as well as at nonprofits like Kaiser Permanente and established businesses like Wells Fargo and Chevron. Many of our graduates take advantage of the opportunity to get in on the ground floor to create or work for start-ups.  Basic qualifications (by time of application): PhD (or equivalent international degree).  Preferred Qualifications: Successful candidates will have earned a doctoral degree in a field such as Data Science, Information, Information Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Political Science, Sociology, Law, or Economics. The Data Science postdoc will have teaching and research experience in at least one of the following core areas:  Research design and data analysis Applied statistics Data engineering, storage, retrieval Visualizing and communicating data Applied machine learning Privacy, security, and ethics of data Experiments and causal inference Very large scale data mining and analysis Applied regression and time series analysis Deep learning Social network analysis Natural language processing  A record of authored publications or articles in preparation.  The ability to be self-directed with broadly-defined limits on assignments  Excellent communication skills, both oral and written  A record of fostering an inclusive and welcoming learning environment for people from diverse backgrounds.  Salary: Starting salaries are typically in the range of $60,000 to $65,000 per year and commensurate with qualifications and experience.  This position is in a represented bargaining unit.  The total duration of an individual's postdoctoral service may not exceed five years, including postdoctoral service at other institutions.  To apply, please go to the following link: https://aprecruit.berkeley.edu/JPF02801  This pool will remain open until February 1, 2022. If you wish to remain in the pool after February 1, 2022 you will need to reapply.  Letters of reference will only be solicited for finalists. All letters of reference will be treated as confidential per University of California policy and California State law. Please arrange for letters of recommendation to be uploaded directly by recommenders. Please refer potential referees, including when letters are provided via a third party (i.e., dossier service or career center), to the UC Berkeley statement of confidentiality ( https://apo.berkeley.edu/ucb-confidentiality-policy ) prior to submitting their letters.  The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status. For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see: http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffirmAct .  The School of Information is interested in candidates who will contribute to diversity and equal opportunity in higher education through their teaching or other related areas. We require that applicants submit a statement addressing past and/or potential contributions.  UC Berkeley has an excellent benefits package as well as a number of policies and programs to support employees as they balance work and family, if applicable.  Please direct questions to pmarchetti@berkeley.edu .  To apply, visit https://aprecruit.berkeley.edu/JPF02801  jeid-99041c42ee67ac44babcc40d2210b9e2
Just An Overview… We're looking for a team member to join our Data Mining team. In this role, you'll find leads for our sales team and vet potential prospect’s contact information. If you are looking for a data-entry position where you can grow and learn more about SEO, we hope you'll apply. Training is on-the-job! We are looking for a Utah-based candidate and will not be considering candidates who are not currently living in Utah or planning on relocating soon. There is a permanent work-from-home option for this role.  What You’ll Be Doing… Use data mining processes developed by Company to find information on potential prospects. Help us find contact information for potential clients that fit specific criteria. What You’ll Need to Succeed… Computer and internet skills. A healthy dose of self-motivation, organization, and excellent attention to detail. The desire to work autonomously on the computer all day. Work efficiently in a fast-paced, small business environment where quality and quantity are important. Knowledge and expert use of internet search, browser shortcuts, and the ability to do repetitive tasks for a long period of time. We’re Especially Interested If… You have data entry or data mining experience. Shown ability to tackle similar projects - The best indicator of future success is past success. Non-Required but Valuable Skills... Love of puzzles and a drive to solve them. Ability to cast a Patronus charm on your first try. A love for Star Wars. Also, fluency in Shyriiwook is a plus. Compensation: $11/hour  Schedule: Full-time, Monday - Friday. Hours ranging from 7am to 7pm. Regular and predictive attendance is required. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion We welcome people from every walk of life and embrace the diverse perspective, experience, and impact of each unique voice. Inclusion is the very foundation of the Boost Way core values where everyone is expected to bring their whole self to work every day.  yXpM5BbqQx
 Bachelor's degree  ________________________________________________________________________________________________  Alexa is Amazon’s groundbreaking voice service designed for voice interactions. We believe voice is the most natural interface for interacting with technology across many domains. We are looking for a Machine Learning Data Associate to join our Information Data Operations (IDO) team located in beautiful Santa Barbara, CA.  A day in the life As a Machine Learning Data Associate, you are responsible for writing, researching, and delivering high-quality data for internal and external customers. You will learn and master workflow guidelines to hit deadlines in a fast-paced environment.  About the hiring group IDO is a team of Machine Learning Data Associates and support staff who help make Alexa smarter and drive efficiencies for stakeholders. We do this by increasing the number of questions Alexa can answer, by improving the overall quality of the answers Alexa serves, and by providing stakeholders high-quality data to make informed, data-driven decisions.  Job responsibilities This role focuses on language data, primarily in the areas of writing and general data analysis deliverables. The Associate must be capable of:  Writing high-quality and engaging copy Understanding how people use language to convey meaning Delivering high-quality work under aggressive deadlines Translating established guidelines into daily work practices Working autonomously with minimal direction Handling unique data analysis requests from a range of customers  The ideal Machine Learning Data Associate:  Possesses strong grammar and writing skills Utilizes excellent communication and organizational skills Exhibits extreme attention to detail Demonstrates willingness to support several projects at one time, and to accept re-prioritization as necessary Adapts quickly to keep up with changing project conventions and new projects  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.   Bachelor’s degree in English, Journalism, Communication, Linguistics or equivalent practical experience Strong analytical, problem-solving, and critical-thinking skills Proven track record of taking ownership and successfully delivering results in a fast-paced, dynamic environment High attention to detail, including precise and effective communications Proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously History of teamwork and willingness to roll up one’s sleeves to get the job done  
Data Analyst III  The Data Analyst III reports to the Unit Lead for Forecasting in the Department of Family and Protective Services, Office of Finance. The position performs complex data management and statistical analysis to address tasks assigned to the Forecasting and Predictive Analytics Unit. Work involves detailed manipulation and review of historical, time-series data and the utilization of advanced statistical software to develop forecasts for budget purposes. Works under general supervision, with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.   Essential Job Functions: Develops and maintains forecast deliverable deadlines. Consults with program staff to update understanding of program changes or assumptions. Updates and completes quality assurance of monthly data sets, including reviewing utilization of completion factors, updating workbook formats and identifying data gaps, errors, anomalies, and inconsistencies. Develops concise, comprehensive presentations to facilitate discussions with internal and external stakeholders. (55%)   Provides consultation and assistance to program staff focused on significant changes to the service delivery model. Applies advanced statistical analysis methods to agency data; coordinates statistical analysis and reporting. Utilizes appropriate software and methodology to develop new statistical projections. Projection development includes; time-series projections, model selection, and modification of best models based on program assumptions as necessary. (30%)   Assists the Unit Lead with program collaboration by addressing predictive analytics requests from DFPS program areas that impact agency or program financing. Consults with program staff, and gains an understanding of complex operational goals. Identifies specific user needs, compiles data and interprets data patterns and trends. May develop recommendations to improve collection of data. Provides routine written and verbal status reports on projects. (15%)   Knowledge Skills Abilities: Skill in developing and maintaining complex data sets. Skill in translating large amounts of data. Skill in utilizing security procedures for handling, protecting and distribution confidential data. Skill in using SAS, SPSS, SQL, R, ACCESS, Business Objects or other statistical and database management software. Skill in using EXCEL or other spreadsheet software. Skill in graphical, tabular and geographical presentation of data. Skill in verbal and written communications.  Ability to manage, manipulate, and analyze complex databases. Ability to plan, organize, and conduct data analytic projects. Ability to develop and interpret statistical data charts, maps, and tables. Ability to work in a team and to communicate effectively. Ability to exercise independent judgment and show initiative. Ability to evaluate and interpret policies and policy changes. Ability to prioritize workload with competing deadlines.  Knowledge of statistics and analyzing time-series data sets. Knowledge of scientific research methods, statistical techniques, mathematics, geographical concepts and their application to data analytics.  Registration or Licensure Requirements: Experience in data analysis, research, compilation, and/or reporting work. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in data science, business analytics, computer science, computer information systems, management information systems, accounting, finance, mathematics, statistics, economics, or a related field is generally preferred. Experience and education may be substituted for one another.   Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in data science, business analytics, computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics, economics, or a related field. Related work experience preferred.   Additional Information: Requisition # 480024   MOS Code:  HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
Position Description: Freedom Mortgage is seeking an entry level Data Engineer as we rapidly expand our data capabilities within our Marketing Analytics team to meet the data challenges of today and the future. This role will work in Marketing to help accelerate Freedom’s current mortgage offerings and help Freedom expand into new markets. This is an excellent opportunity for someone just starting out their data career or someone with experience looking for an ability to make a huge impact. If you have a passion for data and marketing, this is the next step on your career path! Responsibilities (What you’ll do): Work as part of a team to find trends in data and raw data more useful to Freedom Develop algorithms to optimize data ingestion, manage data, analyze data and move data at scale Develop dashboards, reports and other visualizations that clearly explain the business problems being addressed Develop data tracking plans for new and existing processes to ensure reporting and analytics can be setup in quick and efficient manner. Work across departments including IT, Marketing and Operations Work independently / remotely and as part of a team as needed Understand and align to an overall enterprise architecture Identify ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality Use data to discover tasks that can be automated Deliver updates to stakeholders based on findings, patterns and analysis within the data Use technical problem-solving skills to explore new domains and be creative when previous methods fail Be a data advocate within the organization by empowering others to use data  Key Competencies: Experience/Education in a data engineering, software development, data science or machine learning Experience as part of technical teams and projects utilizing Agile and DevOps frameworks Familiar with a modern set of data tools and programming languages Experience with cloud and non-cloud databases Ability to break down complex business problems and recommend practical solutions Ability to extract and organize large datasets from a variety of sources using different approaches and tools Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills; proven ability to develop and initiate creative innovations and solutionsBA or BS degree with specialization in data Detail-oriented with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously Excellent verbal and written communication skills including technical writing It would be Nice if You Had: Knowledge of current big data platforms, like Cassandra, DynamoDB, Spark or NoSql data stores Knowledge of with full-Stack Engineering including CI/CD practices & Dev Ops Principles Experience preparing data for predictive and prescriptive modeling a plus Experience writing software for a startup is a plus Experience within a fully AWS environment is a plus Experience with unconventional data types as well as unstructured data is a plus Experience working in various agile working styles (pair programming, swarming, etc.) Knowledge of 1 or all of the following: SAS, SQL, Python, BASH, Ruby, Scala, R, C#/.Net or Python, SQL Server, MySQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, SnowFlake, Hadoop or Spark #LI-EB1  Founded in Mount Laurel, NJ in 1990, Freedom Mortgage has since grown into one of the largest and fastest-growing privately owned full-service residential lenders in the USA. Licensed in all 50 states, Washington D.C., Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, Freedom Mortgage has over 5000 employees nationwide, proudly servicing $225.6 billion, and is still growing.  Our mission is to foster homeownership in America. Freedom is a leader in VA mortgage lending and is one of the mortgage industry’s largest philanthropic supporters of the USO and military families through its Team Freedom Cares philanthropic arm.   Locations include suburban Philadelphia and Fishers, IN, two regions where we were named Top Workplaces. We also have large operating centers countrywide, including these desirable markets: Beaverton , OR; Boca Raton, FL; Columbia, MD; Jacksonville, FL; Melville, NY; Plano, TX; San Dimas, CA; Tempe, AZ; Troy, MI and Woodbridge, VA.  If you seek a sense of community, top training, opportunity for advancement, a comprehensive benefits package and reward and recognition program, look no further.  Freedom Mortgage Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, or their status as a protected veteran or an individual with disabilities. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Employment contingent upon successful completion of background investigation. Smoke-free workplace. Drug-free work environment. Excellent benefits package including medical, dental, vision and 401(k). All resumes are held in confidence. Only candidates whose profiles closely match requirements will be contacted during this search. LENDER NMLS ID:2767   Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
Healio The Analytics Junior Analyst will analyze data from various sources and interpret patterns and trends related to action-driven business priorities and goals. The purpose of this position is to work within the Analytics team which is tasked with providing actionable insights to various business units that help support decision-making and drive change that will improve customer acquisition.  Reporting and Areas of Responsibility:  The Junior Analyst, Analytics reports directly to the Healio Senior Vice President, Analytics. For the purpose of defining, the Analytics team is responsible for developing insights for all content housed and served on Healio.com, including the News, CME, and custom programs.  Responsibilities include:  Develop, automate, and refine reporting dashboards and analytical tools that provide action-driving insights to the business using Power BI or other appropriate visualization software Analyze and present ideas, progress, and results from website engagement data to business partners/initiatives related to growing audience Collaborate with internal teams (i.e., marketing, UX, editorial, IT, sales) to drive measurable improvements in performance of projects  Requirements include:  BS/BA degree in Business Analytics, Economics, Math, Data Science, Engineering, or Computer Science Internship or professional experience with the opportunity to have worked with data visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, etc.) Excel for data manipulation, analysis, and visualization (Vlookup, pivot table, bar chart, scatter plot, etc.) Marketing/customer acquisition analytics or role where data-driven analysis and execution were crucial for success A methodical and logical approach to problem-solving Accuracy and attention to detail Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Requirements Preferred:  Familiarity with some programming languages such as SQL, Oracle, Python, R Basic working knowledge of statistics (regression analysis, ANOVA, chi square) Google Analytics experience  Candidate must be local to our office in southern NJ.  Address Cover Letter, Resume, and Salary Requirements to: D. Ruppel
Position NameData ScientistFunctional Area*Product DevelopmentLocationRemote, USAJob Type*Full Time**Data Scientist, RemoteEngineers at VDX.tv develop the next-generation products powering a scalable ad tech platform which enables advertisers across the globe to reach out to their consumers and deliver effective, engaging advertising. We are looking for engineers who are passionate about solving challenges of large-scale system design, artificial intelligence, information retrieval, massive data pipelines, UI design, rich media frameworks, data insights, optimization and targeting strategies. We are looking to hire a Data Scientist for our Machine Learning team. The mission of the machine learning team is to develop campaign optimization, price optimization, conversion optimization, identity resolution and geo indexing algorithms, models to help achieve advertiser goals, automate campaign management and improve ROI. ResponsibilitiesThe position requires one to work on complex technical projects with peers in an innovative and fast-paced environment.Play an individual contributor role with high accountability, positive impact in small teams and work well both as an individual contributor and as part of the team.Work on algorithms and systems that power the AD platform.Develop predictive behavioral models.Develop algorithms for identity resolution.Develop geo indexing algorithms.Work on massive semi-structured, time series and graph datasets.Mentor peers, maintain documentation, share knowledge and help build a great team.Required SkillsExcellent problem solving skills with a strong foundation in Statistics, Computer Science including core data structures, algorithms.Be able to develop hypothesis and test with experimentation.Experience with building real time and batch processing components.Experience with development in SQL, python.Proven ability to work as an independent member of a distributed team.Desired SkillsFamiliarity with advertising industry and real time bidding systems.Familiarity with geo spatial data processing.Experience in building systems with time travel, simulation capabilities.Experience with development and deployment in Java, Scala.Qualifications:At least 2years of hands-on experience as an Individual contributor responsible for developing and supporting software. Degree in quantitative science or PhD preferred.Job Type: Full-time
Support Center - Irving We're here for the Makers! Come be a part of the team where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Michaels is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are here for all Team Members and all Makers to create, innovate and be better together. Work with large scale and complex traditional and non-traditional data sources to identify opportunities that enhance performance and efficiency of business initiatives Demonstrate strong expertise in leveraging quantitative tools and approaches to transforming raw data into insights, such as data mining, dimension reduction, segmentation, response modeling, and designing of experiments Analyze marketing, customer, and sales data to measure and monitor performance by channel Create and automate reporting and the dashboards that support business partners across the company QA/QC data and report output to ensure accuracy Appropriately account for the timeliness and quality of all assignments Manage multiple projects concurrently Identify and generate ad hoc analysis to drive short term strategies Other duties as assigned Minimum Education Bachelor’s degree in relevant quantitative discipline (statistics, economics, mathematics, computer science, electrical engineering, or a related scientific discipline) Minimum Special Certifications or Technical Skills Fluent in data fundamentals: SQL, data manipulation using a procedural language (R, Python), statistics, experimentation, and modeling Advanced Excel with higher level math and logic skills Well versed in data mining (databases, querying languages, SQL) Minimum Type of Experience the Job Requires Demonstrated skill communicating complex analysis to non-experts Other Strong analytical thinker in an unstructured/ whitespace environment Ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, multi-task, and prioritize accordingly to deliver on multiple projects while maintaining a service-oriented, customer–centric focus Strong written and verbal communication skills High level of accuracy and attention to detail required Applicants in the U.S. and Canada must satisfy federal, state, provincial and local legal requirements of the job.
Caremark LLC, a CVS Health company, is hiring for the following roles in Wellesley, MA: Analytics Advisors to develop, test, and deploy data driven programs to improve patient level outcomes. Duties include: gain insights about customer health, and innovate health care solutions that are efficient and reduce the cost of healthcare; facilitate strategic, data driven decisions to identify opportunities for improving existing operational processes and generate new initiatives to drive business value; collaborate with product and project management teams within clinical, product, marketing and other operational business teams; obtain datasets to analyze industry trends and unlock insights that drive business development and growth with a focus on health care solutions; utilize statistical techniques to create relevant benchmarks, identify outliers, and summarize the data to recommend action using a variety of tools such as SQL, Python, R, SAS, and SSIS packages/jobs; conduct analyses of data, ranging from descriptive ad-hoc analyses to in-depth investigations of healthcare utilization trends/outcomes, and prepare data summarization presentation for review by leadership team and key stakeholders; develop ML models predicting key outcomes and work with data engineering to deploy to production; support analytics and skill development of team and provide guidance and mentorship to other team members; ensure proper maintenance and centralized storage of key project documentation including business requirements, technical specifications, design documents, and test plans; and construct and deliver written reports of analytic findings in a variety of formats, formulate recommendations, and effectively present results to stakeholder.  Required Qualifications Masters degree (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science, Life Sciences, Medical Science, Data Science, BioStatistics, or a related field and completion of a university-level course, research project, internship thesis, or two (2) months of experience in each of the following: Artificial Intelligence; Data analytics and experiment design; Relational databases; Data visualization skills; Collecting, cleaning and merging large datasets from various sources; Predictive modeling; and Deep learning and speech processing. Up to 10% travel required.  Preferred Qualifications See Required Qualifications.  Education See Required Qualifications.  Business Overview At CVS Health, we are joined in a common purpose: helping people on their path to better health. We are working to transform health care through innovations that make quality care more accessible, easier to use, less expensive and patient-focused. Working together and organizing around the individual, we are pioneering a new approach to total health that puts people at the heart.  We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day. CVS Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring or promotion based on race, ethnicity, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability or protected veteran status or on any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable federal, state, or local law. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities.
Introduction As an Associate Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.  Your Role and Responsibilities Work you could do as an Associate Data Scientist: Implement and validate predictive and prescriptive models, create and maintain statistical models with a focus on big data. Incorporate a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques in your projects. Write programs to cleanse and integrate data in an efficient and reusable manner. Use leading edge and open-source tools such as Python, R, and TensorFlow, combined with IBM tools and our AI application suites. Work in an Agile, collaborative environment, partnering with other scientists, engineers, consultants and database administrators of all backgrounds and disciplines to bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of predicting behaviors. Communicate with internal and external clients to understand and define business needs and appropriate modelling techniques to provide analytical solutions. Evaluate modelling results and communicate the results to technical and non-technical audiences. Locations: Washington, DC Metro Area Huntsville, AL Hampton, VA Houston, TX  Required Technical and Professional Expertise  Ability to look at things differently, debug, troubleshoot, design and implement solutions to complex technical issues. Strong technical and analytical abilities, a knack for driving impact and growth, and experience with a programming/scripting in a language such as Java or Python. Basic understanding of statistical programming in a language such as R, Python, or SAS, SPSS, MATLAB. Basic understanding of Cloud (AWS, Azure, etc.). Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Work or internship experience using data science tools in a corporate environment. Interest in, understanding of, or experience with Design Thinking and Agile Development Methodologies. Willingness to travel up to 100% of the time. Preferred Majors: Computer Science, Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Cognitive Science, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Operations Research, Engineering  Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise N/A About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.  Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.  Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.  It's time to define your career.  About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.  Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:   12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.   We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.  IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.  Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Role Summary: In this role you will develop the skills necessary to complete the evaluation and validation of data, calculate rebates, and quantify your findings. You will also build and enhance your interpersonal skills that are necessary to build effective business relationships with your clients. Those skills are pertinent because as an analyst, you will be responsible for multiple accounts and processes and be responsible for the quality and efficiency of complex tasks.  Responsibilities: Evaluates data by searching for trends and understanding the financial terms of the contracts. Analyze contracts and other documents, perform quality assurance checks on data, and communicate effectively both orally and in writing with a customer. Research and resolve Chargeback claims. Ensure accurate and appropriate responses to disputes. Validate appropriate data from internal and third-party systems and ensure appropriate course of action is being pursued. Track job completion and manage deadlines. Provides support to team members. Assists with training projects. Minimum Education, Experience, & Specialized Knowledge Required: Bachelor Degree in finance, business, statistics, math or related area or equivalent work experience required (1-2 years). Possess strong computer capabilities including word processing, spreadsheet and database entry. (Word, Excel, SQL) Possess strong inter-personal communication skills, both verbal and written. Possess strong analytical, organizational and problem solving skills. Participates productively as a member of team and completes tasks beyond general support level. Identifies, prioritizes and resolves issues independently, and escalates more complex questions or issues appropriately. Ability to manage tasks and assignments without detailed direction. Complies with contract requirements, business unit rules and related and legal regulations Experience with the following is preferred but not required: Chargeback Adjudication Membership and Eligibility determinations Prescription Rebate Processing Pharmacy Benefit Management Managed Health Care Medicaid Drug Rebate Program #LI-AW1 At IQVIA, we believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. The advanced analytics, technology solutions and contract research services we provide to the life sciences industry are made possible by our 70,000+ employees around the world who apply their insight, curiosity and intellectual courage every step of the way. Learn more at jobs.iqvia.com. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other status protected by applicable law. IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.
How you’ll make an impact: As a Data Analyst on the Data Science team, you will have the opportunity to work with many of the nation’s leading healthcare providers in utilizing their financial, operational, and clinical data to drive their mission of providing world-class care while improving financial health. Your work will bring new insights to individual clients, client collaboratives and the industry. Responsibilities include:Applying data mining techniques and statistical analysis to healthcare and financial data across our customer baseExtracting, cleansing, and validating the data used for analysesDeveloping and maintaining automated processes and workflows to improve efficiency and consistency with handling dataExtending company’s data with third party sources of information when neededEnhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systemsWorking within the data science team to enhance the StrataSphere productsProviding quality assurance on StrataSphere products and working with data science team to correct errorsMeeting with clients and other Strata team members to answer their questions about the data or analyticsConducting ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clean, clear and actionable mannerCreating analytics in Tableau and Excel and sharing with clients and answering questionsCreating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performancePartnering with Data Scientists to assist in advanced modelingWhat we’re looking for: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent years of Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or Engineeringwork experience.1-3 years’ experience using statistical data analysis techniquesExperience working with large, complex data setsAbility to install and configure tools needed for analysis of large data setsStrong scripting and programming skills using common data science languages such as R and Python.Ability to present results of analysis to differing audiences within healthcare on both the financial and clinical sideExperience working with clients to investigate data challenges and collaborate with clients on solution developmentExperience with data visualization tools, such as TableauProficiency in using SQLExperience with cloud computing services such as AWS, Sagemaker and SnowflakeStrong applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.An affinity to data science and wants to learn moreData-oriented personalityAbility to travel up to 10%Thinking* about applying?*Research shows that women and underrepresented groups tend to apply to jobs only when they check every box on a job posting. If you’re currently reading this and hesitating to click “Apply” for that reason, we encourage you to go for it! A true passion and excitement for making an impact is just as important as work experience.Here @ Strata…Who we are:We are committed to our mission to help heal healthcare. Our culture is driven by our people solving problems together. We embrace learning, collaboration, and continuous career growth. Together, we lift our customers, our products, our company, and our community.We believe that each of our team member’s unique perspectives and experiences is what drives innovation and positive change. Our individual differences are what make us a more forward-thinking organization. We foster a culture of inclusion, equity and belonging, regardless of race, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.Our values:Here at Strata, we are guided by a set of principles called the StrataWay. These values keep us honest and ensure that we are always representing ourselves and our organization as best we can. They are at the core of who we are and how we support one another.Serve:  We partner with our customers to provide quality solutions that will make their lives easier. We extend service to our community to drive purposeful change.Rock:  Our work makes a meaningful impact, no matter what role we play on the team. We are open and receptive to new ways of doing things, always innovating, and never becoming complacent.Grow:  We are life-long learners and embrace change that will help us grow professionally and personally. We embrace a culture of feedback and acknowledge that progress is more important than perfection.Pro:  We show up every day as the best version of ourselves. We treat others as we would want to be treated (and then some). We commit to getting better every day in everything that we do, upholding the highest level of integrity even in the face of challenges.Our Impact:Strata Decision Technology provides an innovative set of software and service solutions to help healthcare providers better analyze, plan and perform in support of caring for their community and reducing the cost of care. Our customer base includes over 2,000 hospitals and over 400 healthcare delivery systems. Founded in 1996, our mission is to Help Heal Healthcare™. For more information, please go to www.stratadecision.com.Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesThe contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor???s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)Job Type: Full-time
Description: Required Skills / Experience: 1. BA/BS in Computer Science, Physics, Applied Math, Agronomy, Engineering or a related quantitative discipline with at least a year of implementing machine learning models or data science experience. 2. Excellent proficiency in Python and SQL 3. Detail oriented and capable of performing deep dives into datasets 4. Strong communication skills to solicit information from domain experts and present results back to a technical audience 5. Self starter as well as able to work as part of a team. 6. Basic knowledge of predictive analytic techniques and statistics.  Desired Skills / Experience: M.Sc. in an analytics field Experience with exploratory Big Data discovery through the use of technologies such asPySpark. Experience in Machine Learning model building frameworks such as Tensorflow,Pytorch, Keras, scikit-learn. Experience with complex data formats and data of varying quality Experience building data pipelines and interacting with APIs Data storytelling with meaningful, interpretable visualizations Knowledge of agricultural technology especially with regard to row crops Curiosity and an open-mind towards unfamiliar data sources and unfamiliar quantitativedomains
Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: Looking for seasoned analytics professional to join the GML analytics team and make an immediate impact. The ideal candidate can seamlessly traverse across both business and product analytics and deliver results for our business stakeholders. Job Description: About You: You believe in data-driven decisions and use data to answer business questions and drive product roadmap. You are hyper-analytical, intellectually honest, and extremely passionate about analytics and experimentation (A/B testing) You are a highly motivated, result-oriented self-starter, enjoy working in a fast-paced environment, and can deliver successful results with minimal guidance. You are energized, fun-loving and an adventurous team player. You have excellent interpersonal skills to thrive in a matrix organization with parallel functions & stakeholders to collaborate with The Role: Partner with stakeholders (Business Owners, Product, Finance & Marketing ) on PayPal’s Merchant Credit related workstreams to support Merchant Credit products and business analytics. Identify key metrics, conduct rigorous explorative data analysis, create executive facing dashboards and build business cases that drive decision making and product prioritization. Synthesizing large volumes of data with attention to granular details and present findings and recommendations to senior-level stakeholders Define and cultivate best practices in analytics instrumentation and experimentation, and business performance. Drive automation of repetitive process and build self-serve tools (eg: Tableau Dashboards) to empower product and business stakeholders. Support multiple projects at the same time in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment. Requirements: Data driven mindset with a degree in any quantitative discipline such as Engineering, Computer Science, Economics, Statistics or Mathematics 10+ of experience analyzing large, multi-dimensional data sets and synthesizing insights into actionable solutions Fluent in SQL, Excel, and visualization tools such as Tableau, Looker or Qlikview; experience with a statistical programming language like R or Python preferred Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, to influence cross-functional teams Prior work experience in a product/business analytics space would be highly valued. (Good understanding of P&L, A/B testing principles is expected) Prior experience in Fintech /Alternate lending space is preferred We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.  PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.  We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
We seek a self-motivated analyst responsible for the validation, standardization, analysis, and presentation of workforce data. This is a hands-on data analysis role requiring a high degree of organization, attention to detail, and independent analysis and decision-making. In this role you will be part of a cross-functional team assigned to a portfolio of customer companies where you will proactively analyze customer workforce data, maximize adoption and promotion of Brightfield's Talent Data Exchange platform (TDX), develop strong relationships with multiple stakeholders from each account, and coordinate with internal and external teams. We seek a team player eager to dig into the data, gain new skills, and learn about workforce analytics, while helping to develop and manage customer relationships.  Responsibilities â€“ Customer Support Analyze customer data within the TDX platform and using Excel or other tools, to identify cost savings and other improvement opportunities for customers related to their workforce management Contribute to customer deliverables, including PowerPoint presentations, Sisense dashboards, Excel models, etc. Execute plans and playbooks to promote TDX use and benefits Monitor and analyze customers' TDX usage and proactively address areas of low adoption Answer key questions from internal and external stakeholders (e.g., how different fields are used in TDX metrics, how job titles are classified, details on a customer's workforce data) Provide status reports, audit summaries, and results of analysis Support multiple customers concurrently while paying strict attention to detail and deadlines Identify and promote use cases to translate customer needs into TDX outcomes and benefits Responsibilities â€“ Data Management Handle confidential data with the utmost care to comply with all applicable data privacy and data security standards Create visualizations of data patterns for customers Code scripts to automate manual tasks as appropriate Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data Support TDX implementation projects for companies as the data management lead, working directly with customers to gather data for TDX Troubleshoot data issues (e.g., job titles that don't cleanly map to TDX job titles) and work with customers to identify root causes and solutions (e.g., missing or poor job descriptions) Review and validate large datasets from multiple data sources to ensure completeness, accuracy, and conformity Map disparate data to standardized values Audit inbound and outbound data for conformity to documented requirements Qualifications Passion for data, technology, helping customers, and being a part of a fast-growing company Excellent listening and presentation skills Unwavering attention to detail; double-checks own and others' work Ability to manage multiple projects with various priorities and deadlines, with deadlines that can shift with little notice Comfort admitting when you do not know something or need help, so that you can learn it or get assistance Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; not just providing an answer to a question, but also wanting to know why the question was asked. Highly proficient with Excel (e.g., pivot tables, v-lookups, power pivot) At least basic proficiency in a programming language (python preferred) and MySQL (or a similar SQL variant) Some experience explaining data and data analyses to a non-technical audience Self-motivated, driven, independent â€“ getting work done before it is due and planning ahead for possible bottlenecks Willing to get into the weeds of data to get the job done, holding quality high Eagerness and ability to learn new skills quickly; seeking out and acting on feedback and coaching A Bachelor's Degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Social Science, or related area preferred Some experience in the HR field or in a SaaS company, and/or customer-facing experience preferred  Brightfield provides a casual and flexible work environment with excellent benefits including a generous holiday and leave package, health and dental medical coverage, 401k retirement plan, and more.  Brightfield is an Equal Employment Employer. The company provides equal employment opportunity to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, disability status or genetic information. Brightfield is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all persons in all facets of employment including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, training, benefits, transfers and working conditions
About Our Team: KAR Data Services is expanding our Analytics team, delivering advanced insights and embedded analytics supporting teams across the organization as well as our customers. About Our Candidate: Our ideal candidate will have strong SQL skills and experience modeling data for BI use. They will have a love of data, and effective communication both with our data science and analytics teams, as well as our business stakeholders and product teams. What You Will Be Doing: Designing data models for use in BI self-service tools and supporting our embedded analytics platform Supporting our data science teams with deploying data models Support data discovery and data governance by maintaining data dictionaries and data lineage Provide quality assurance and testing on our most critical data pipelines Support answering business questions using analysis and visualization techniques What You Need to Be Successful: Candidates typically have at least a Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative or computer science field, or equivalent professional experience Ability to read and explain query plans and optimize those queries and underlying data stores as necessary Understanding of common statistical measures and practices Distilling business requirements into actionable technical tasks Excellent oral and written communication skills Nice to Haves: Experience working with Snowflake SQL syntax Experience with deploying data models in Tableau or Sisense specifically, or another equivalent BI tool Familiarity with data science models and deployment in a production environment Python, as well as common libraries associated with data such as Pandas and Numpy Experience in cloud environments, preferably AWS or Azure, or equivalent platforms Who We Are: KAR Data Services, KAR Global’s enterprise data products organization, is comprised of a team that is passionate about the intersection of data, technology, and cars. As the Chicago-based innovation and data science hub for KAR, this team of data scientists and analysts creates new products to help power the company’s physical, online, and digital/mobile automotive auction marketplaces. We were founded in 2015 and joined the KAR family of companies in April 2017.
Responsibilities The Evaluation and Assessment team in the Educational Affairs office supports the David Geffen School of Medicine (DGSOM) in achieving its educational mission and objectives regarding the Medical Education curriculum. In this role, you will participate in the planning and implementation of all aspects of program evaluation and recommend protocols and processes congruent with University and Departmental policies, procedures, and practices, such as those stipulated by the Medical Education Committee (MEC) and Faculty Executive Committee (FEC). In this role, you must have the ability to work independently and with a team; ability to analyze, synthesize, interpret, and report complex evaluation data thoroughly and accurately from a variety of sources (both qualitative and quantitative) to deans, curriculum committees, and department chairs. You should also be able to collaborate with other offices to obtain information and data needed for evaluation and quality improvement functions and be able to participate in the Curriculum Evaluation subcommittee. Qualifications Ability to conduct data analysis and survey research in an applied setting. Proficiency in writing, editing, and proofreading to produce reports and data analysis, and to compose and edit information and correspondence. Skill in establishing, building and maintaining positive and cooperative working relationships with project stakeholders and colleagues, including diverse body of students, staff, faculty, and community members. A Bachelor’s degree in data science, psychology, higher education, policy analysis, analytics, statistics, or related fields, with training and experience in statistical research methods and data analysis strongly preferred Experience preparing and presenting data insights and making data-driven recommendations to senior leadership that will drive institutional change; skill in presenting information to large and small, technical and non-technical audiences. Ability to work with a high degree of autonomy, organize multifaceted projects and develop accurate timelines for completion, and to work effectively with conflicting demands and changing priorities. Skill in managing complex tasks with occasional interruptions and distractions. Ability to work with incomplete information. Experience in using of SPSS, or another statistical software, for descriptive and inferential statistics. Advanced technical literacy in the Microsoft environment, including Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Experience with data visualization. Advanced knowledge and experience using Tableau or other software for data visualization and reporting. Aptitude for story-telling and creative display and presentation of data. UCLA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
We are looking for a data scientist to build innovative analytics for our intelligence platform. We are a small team where you will have autonomy to create, train, test, develop, and deploy new models on a regular basis. We are looking for individuals capable of working independently while also contributing to team goals. The following experience will contribute to you being an effective part of the team: natural language processing / computational linguistics mathematical modeling statistics and forecasting geospatial analysis machine learning, neural networks / deep learning model selection, training, testing, deployment software development (python) Remote OK. US Citizenship required to work with some government customers.
Assistant Professor - Data Science Regis University  R001694 Northwest Denver Campus  Position Type:Faculty  Scheduled Weekly Hours:40  Requested Start Date for this Position:08/01/2021 - 1 month to go  Campus Location:Northwest Denver Campus  Full-time or Part-time:Full time  Job Summary:The Anderson College of Business and Computing at Regis University invites applications for a full-time, 12-month appointment with summer research release at the level of Assistant Professor.  Working at Regis University As Regis employees, we each have a responsibility to perform our work in alignment with the mission of the University, especially with its Catholic and Jesuit values. All employees are expected to both contribute to and strengthen the university's culture of respect, inclusion and equity for all members of our community.  Special Instructions to Applicants: Please submit a resume, cover letter and list of references with your application. Current employees, please submit an application by logging into Workday. Click on the Career Worklet and access the internal site.  Major Duties and Responsibilities: Essential  The successful candidate must be willing to teach adult learners in an accelerated online and classroom setting as well as traditional students is a traditional daytime class setting. Additionally, she/he must assist in the management of curriculum, course content, computer labs and technical infrastructure, and the overall operation of the Data Sciences department in the Anderson College of Business and Computing. Applicants must exhibit excellent communication skills and enthusiasm for working with undergraduate and graduate students.  The following duties also fall within the area of responsibility: mentor Affiliate Faculty within the discipline; participate in faculty assessment programs; manage curricular issues; provide ongoing advising for students; attend commencements; attend and participate in general faculty meetings, and other meetings and events requested by the Department Chair, Associate Dean, or the Academic Dean of the College; act as a department resource for students, faculty, and staff; and assist with special projects.  Additional Qualifications  Not all of these qualifications must be met. However, the ideal candidate will also have experience in these areas:  1. Data science, statistics, and applied mathematics. Please describe any experience you have with - data analysis, data mining, statistical analysis software, and visualization software.  2. Data engineering. Please describe any experience you have with - Linux systems and system administration, working with cloud computing environments, and working with distributed computing in general.  3. Computer science. Please describe any experience you have with programming languages; data structures and algorithms; computer science theory, models of computation and computational complexity; operating systems; parallelism; artificial intelligence and machine learning.  4. Advising, mentoring, and teaching students. Please describe any experience you have - teaching undergraduate students, teaching graduate students, teaching in a traditional classroom environment, and teaching in an online environment.  5. Academic program management. Please describe any experience you have working with - academic program development, governance, and assessment; development of online course content using a learning management system; and affiliate (adjunct) faculty members.  MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:  Education:  An earned Ph.D. in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or a closely related field. Candidates with a Masters' degree will be considered at the Instructor level.  The ideal candidate will be able to lead our efforts at the intersection of data science, data engineering, machine learning, and statistics.  WORKING CONDITIONS:  Working conditions are normal for an office environment. Work may require occasional weekend and/or evening work. Some local, regional, and/or national travel is required.  Pay Rate:up to 92,250/year depending on experience  To apply, visit https://regis.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/RegisUniversity/job/Northwest-Denver-Campus/Assistant-Professor-Data-Science_R001694.  Since 1877, Regis University has been using our Jesuit background to provide an education for men and women of all ages and faiths and is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission: A Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. Inspired by St. Ignatius Loyola, the mission of Regis University is to educate men and women of all ages to make a positive impact in a rapidly-changing global society. We encourage our students to seek truth, live purposeful lives, and continually examine and attempt to answer the question: "How ought we to live?" Regis University's Northwest Campus is the main campus and administrative hub, located in Denver, Colorado. Regis University has three additional campuses in Colorado Springs, Colorado, Thornton, Colorado and the Denver Tech Center, as well as distance learning initiatives.  jeid-c0d6c0cd6248454bb9789b40f38774e7
Uhray is looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our company. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights. In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We want to see a passion for machine-learning and research. Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions.At Uhray, we’re passionate about helping non-technical entrepreneurs bring new technology products to life – whether that’s through web applications, mobile apps, or any other form of custom software/technology. Since our inception in 2014, we’ve grown rapidly – creating 50+ products in over a dozen different industries. Our digital products have been featured in top publications such as TechCrunch, The Wall Street Journal, GovTech, Good Morning America, Huffington Post, CIO Review, and ABC News. We need your help to pioneer future software development throughout our organization!We have a highly talented 15-person software team in Kansas City, Missouri along with a 5-person design team in Boston, Massachusetts. Lastly, we also work closely with 30 other skilled employees that work for a couple of our sister companies. It’s a great team of passionate, skilled, and motivated individuals.ResponsibilitiesIdentify valuable data sources and automate collection processesUndertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured dataAnalyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patternsBuild predictive models and machine-learning algorithmsIdentifying outliers in impressions and clicks over time to confirm whether significant changes are due to seasonality or something else.Propose solutions and strategies to business challengesTailoring PPC campaigns aligned to particular audiences and when they’re online.SkillsProven experience as a Data Scientist or Data AnalystExperience in data miningUnderstanding of machine-learning and operations researchKnowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an assetExperience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. TensorFlow and Pytorch)Analytical mind and business acumenStrong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra)Problem-solving aptitudeExcellent communication and presentation skillsBSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or other quantitative field is preferredJob Type: Full-timePay: $120,000.00 - $160,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytic skills to improve national security across complex threat environments. You’ll work closely with a diverse set of mission partners to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll write scripts, build models, develop predictive analytics, and create innovations using the right combination of tools and frameworks that transform disparate data into objective answers to help to inform tactical, operational, and strategic decision making. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good across defense, intelligence, and national security missions. Empower change with us. You Have:1+ years of experience in working with defense, law enforcement, the intelligence community, or national security professionalsExperience with aggregating, visualizing, and analyzing large volumes of dataExperience with programming languages, including R, Python, or Visual Basic macrosAbility to obtain a security clearanceBA or BS degree Nice If You Have:Experience with public speaking and presentations for large, diverse audiencesExperience in working with teams on challenging problems for short deadlines in high-pressure situationsExperience with GIS software, technology, and analyticsKnowledge of law enforcement and intelligence community systems, analytics, methods, legal authorities, or access controlsTS/SCI clearance Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. NSG1
Founded in 1989, CALNET, Inc. is a privately held company in the Technology, Intelligence Analysis, and Language Services consulting arena. Headquartered in Reston, VA, CALNET employees deliver true value to our customers by employing best practices, world class technologies industry expertise in every project. CALNET is an ISO 9001, ISO 20000, and CMMI-Level III certified. We are currently searching for a talented, “Data Scientist” to support the Department of Homeland Security. The Data Scientist will join a team responsible for developing advanced analytics products; applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data to advance and enable key mission outcomes. In this role, they will support all phases of analytic work product development, from the identification of key business questions to ETL, from performing analyses to delivery of insights to decision-makers, with particular attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce and consume it. Our Data Scientists provide analytic and data innovation toward a broad range of intelligence, and related mission support services that will support the entire intelligence cycle. The appropriate candidate will be able to utilize a large amount of digital media selector information, particularly cell phone selectors and build custom tools—to normalize and standardize numbers originating from cell phones and to automate and optimize this data. Network analysis, time series, and anomaly detection. Must know how to program using open source programming languages; cannot rely on commercial or proprietary tools. Qualifications: Must have a current Active TOP SECRET security clearance with SCI eligibility We are hiring across multiple Levels - 2 through 4, must have relevant experience in the follow skill areas below. Key skill areas: R, SAS, JavaScript, Python, MatLab, SQL, Hive, Pig, Spark, JSON, XML, AI/ML algorithm development, AWS Lambda, AWS SageMaker Place of Performance Work will predominately be conducted at multiple Government SCIF sites anywhere the National Capital Region, including but not limited to sites in Washington, DC, Bethesda, MD, and Sterling, VA.  Applicant must be a U.S Citizen and have a Current Active TOP SECRET Security Clearance with SCI Eligibility. CALNET, Inc. offers a competitive salary and a generous benefits package. This package includes medical, dental, vision, life, short- and long-term disability insurances, a 401(k)-retirement savings plan, and generous leave time.
Full Job DescriptionThe Data Labeling Quality Specialist role is an entry-level position for individuals who are interested in working in the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning industry. We are looking for a candidate who is a self-starter, detail-oriented and adaptable. The role will be focused on monitoring and maintaining the quality of completed tasks - ensuring that they follow adhere to a wide variety of instructions. The role will be perfect for individuals who value challenge in their work. You will be working cross-functionally with Supply Ops and Engineering to drive improvements in quality.Responsibilities: Label machine learning data from customersComplete tasks in a timely manner, meeting SLA deadlinesDo post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasksWork in-sync with Supply Managers to meet weekly goalsIdentify and resolve the root cause of low quality and provide feedback to respective teams on product improvementsRequired Skills: Must be a US Citizen, and must be able to pass Background CheckMust be willing and have ability to obtain and maintain a Secret Security ClearanceMust have access to a cellphone (No more than 3-4 generations old)Highly organized and able to take direction wellAbility to work full-time hours (8-hour workdays)Ability to work independently, cooperatively, and collaboratively as a team memberPossession of excellent oral and written skills, including non-technical writingExcellent analytical skills, coupled with a strong sense of ownership, urgency, and driveProficient in Microsoft Office productsAbility to handle ambiguity and changing prioritiesPay & Duration: Compensation: $16/hrScale also provides spot bonuses + career advancement opportunities to the right candidates1 Year Contract with likelihood of renewalBenefits(1) Paid Time Off (2) Health Insurance (3) Dental Insurance (4) Vision Insurance (5) Life Insurance (6) Disability Insurance (7) Referral Program (8) Flexible Spending Account (9) Health Savings Account (10) Prof Dev Assistance (11) Employee Assistance ProgramAbout Us: At Scale, our mission is to accelerate the development of Machine Learning and AI applications across multiple markets. Our first product is a suite of APIs that allow AI teams to generate high-quality ground truth data. Our customers include OpenAI, Zoox, Lyft, Pinterest, Airbnb, nuTonomy, and many more.Scale AI is an equal opportunity employer. We aim for every person at Scale to feel like they matter, belong, and can be their authentic selves so they can do their best work. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Scale AI is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations @ scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's EEO poster and EEO poster supplement for additional information.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $16.00 per hourBenefits:Dental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayOvertimeSupplemental Pay:Bonus payCOVID-19 considerations:Scale follows Covid guidelines - Masks, 6ft+ social distancing, personnel limit. In addition to constantly sanitizing the workspace, Scale will closely monitor the situation in MO and make decisions prioritizing the safety and health of our employees.Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
We are seeking Data Analysts to provide support to a US Special Operations Command customer to integrate as part of a team that will provide advanced analytical knowledge of data on the data science team, with a focus on conducting big data analysis, data conditioning, programming advanced computing, developing algorithms, developing software and data models, executing predictive analytics and utilizing visualization tools. This team will provide support to the J2 and J8 Directorates.  Responsibilities  · Use technology to mine complex, voluminous, and different varieties of data from various sources and platforms in order to collect, analyze, and compile data to meet customer needs  · Identify new sources of data and methods to improve data collection, analysis, and reporting  · Collect customer requirements  · Determine technical issues  · Design algorithms and data manipulation capabilities using R, Python, C++, JavaScript, Go, and other known programming languages  · Build data solutions, tools, and capabilities to enable self-service frameworks for data consumers to monitor and report on data  · Improve the quality of data use and usability by driving an understanding and adherence to the principles of data quality management including metadata, lineage, and business definitions  · Work collaboratively with Intelligence and Data analysis teams to produce qualitative and quantitative data that support Intelligence products. Requirements/ Qualifications   - Possess a minimum of a bachelor's degree in a computer science discipline.   - Experience providing services similar in required tasks, scope, and complexity. Direct hands on experience as a Data Analyst is required Experience with working for or in support of SOF (Special Operations Forces) Experience with coding and understanding algorithms   - MUST HAVE Current TS/SCI or TS clearance and eligible for SCI access and ACCM read-on. Location – Location: Ft. Bragg, NC
Candidates can be fully remote*; The successful candidate should have the ability to create efficient and effective data models in Power BI.Serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions. Discover business narratives told by the data and present them to other scientists, business stakeholders, and managers at various levels. Develop and test heuristics. Create and run models. Perform data exploration and data mining. Create business intelligence, dashboards, visualizations, and/or other advanced analytics reports to adequately tell the business narrative and offer recommendations that are practiced, actionable, and have material impact, in addition to being well-supported by analytical models and data.Required Qualifications: Graduation from a four-year college or university with a degree in statistics, physics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, or management of information systems. Work experience in addition to degree: 1-3 years. Job-specific knowledge, skills or abilities: Working knowledge of statistics, programming and predictive modeling. Working knowledge of code writing.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $48.00 - $58.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Power BI: 1 year (Required)SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes
The Microsoft Turing team is an innovative research and engineering team working on state-of-the-art deep learning models to power end user experiences across the company. Applied scientists and software engineers in the Turing team work together to push the boundaries of large-scale deep learning models on Turing’s world class distributed training infrastructure. The team works on projects across the entire deep learning life-cycle. This includes deep learning models for language representation, language generation, image representations, and reinforcement learning which are then leveraged for down stream tasks for Bing, Office, Xbox, and more. Our Turing NLG (natural language generation) model is17 billion parametersand powers many generative models within Microsoft. The Turing ULR (universal language representation) model is currently the top model on theXTREME leaderboard. Additionally, we work on large-scale distributed training, improving training performance, and run-time optimized inference allowing us to utilize the power of large models in production scenarios with tight latency constraints. The scenarios our models power reach hundreds of millions of users every month and span across natural language processing, computer vision, video processing, reinforcement learning, and recommendation systems. In addition to ensuring that Microsoft is pushing the state-of-the-art large-scale models, the Turing team also works on improving experiences across Microsoft’s products and services by working on high value scenarios. The Turing team has shipped capabilities across all of many Microsoft scenarios including AutoSuggest, Microsoft Word’s new find feature, quick reply on Outlook, Smart Compose features in Word, image enhancement models, recommendations, as well as many other features across Office, Bing, and Xbox. Additionally, we are working on a few entirely new experiences such as semantic search for enterprise and knowledge management (aka Cortex) for our SharePoint customers. Are you looking for opportunities to work on state-of-the-art deep learning models and work on impactful features that will be used by 100s of millions of people? Do you want to work with world class GPU training infrastructure to solve real world problems? Would you like to be a part of a diverse, passionate, open-cultured, high visibility team with ambitious goals and a track record for delivering high value impact across the company? We are hiring talented, highly motivated applied scientists with expertise in deep learning, machine learning, natural language processing, information retrieval, computer vision, video processing, reinforcement learning, data mining, and large-scale distributed computation. We are hiring at all levels from entry level to principal. Our goal is to build large, general models that can work across many downstream tasks delighting millions of users with much improved experiences across all Microsoft products. Responsibilities As part of the team, you would be driving projects through their entire life-cycle from idea creation through implementation, experimentation and finally shipping to our users. We are looking for strong, motivated, results-oriented applied scientists and software engineers to help drive the design and implementation of the next wave of improvements of products for Bing and Microsoft. You would be working with truly big data by training and extending the capability of deep learning models to provide compelling experiences across our products. Projects can span across modeling, data engineering, model optimization, large scale experimentation, and shipment of cutting edge technology for 100s of millions of users. Due to the wide range of project opportunities, projects are assigned based on candidate's interest and background. Also, the project assignments are fairly permeable. So, one can move around and play different roles depending on their interest. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field. 1+ years of experience applying Machine Learning techniques 2+ years of experience coding in Python, C++, C#, C or Java Preferred Qualifications: Background in machine learning/deep learning (strongly preferred). Ability in self-learning, entering new domain, managing through uncertainty in an innovative team environment Passionate and self-motivated. Ability and effectiveness working in a significant technical problem domain, in the term of plan, design, execution, continuous release and service operation. Software engineering fundamentals, including coding, problem solving and data analysis skills. Ability to effectively work in collaborative multiple project team environment and ship production features in a fast-paced environment. Good communication skills, both verbal and written. Customer/end result/Metrics driven in design and development. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. #search# #webxt# #msturingjobs# #machinelearning#
As a member of the new recruiting group for an established healthtech, they need you to step into a key role responsible for helping to expand the teams capabilities by sourcing key data and software engineering teams to build data platforms, data pipelines and data transformation capabilities all running on AWS.You will locate candidates and build a pipeline that should be considered for evaluation and support recruiter and hiring managers to evaluate and assess candidates to determine suitability for a given position.QUALIFICATIONS:* Ability to build a technology pipeline (data engineers, full stack software engineers, data scientists etc.)* Experience with data science related skills* At least 1-2 years of sourcing at a mid to high level volumeNOTE: Sorry, can't to C2C or sponsorJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveReferral programTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payCOVID-19 considerations:RemoteExperience:Recruiting: 1 year (Preferred)sourcing data skills: 1 year (Required)sourcing full stack engineers: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:Citizenship or Green Card and live in US (can't sponsor) (Required)Work Location:Fully Remote
The University of Virginia was the first university in the US to establish a School of Data Science (SDS), in part the result of the largest gift in the university’s 200-year history. As a School without Walls, SDS is being established on guiding principles of interdisciplinarity, responsibility, openness, transparency and quality all applied for social good. This is a unique opportunity to join a new type of young and vibrant organization pushing the boundaries of education, research and community engagement. To realize the new School of Data Science vision, UVA seeks applicants for multiple Research Scientist positions to perform research on projects related to deep learning and imaging, and to develop new methods and algorithms that use deep learning. Candidates must have a Master’s of Science or equivalent degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or related disciplines. Candidates must also have expertise in supervised and unsupervised learning methods, preferably using deep learning methods including convolutional neural networks, recurrent neural networks, autoencoders, and adversarial learning. Candidates must be proficient in programming using python and associated machine learning libraries and packages and have experience in the application of machine learning techniques to image data. In addition, candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to present at professional meetings. The ability to supervise undergraduate and graduate students on multiple projects along with the PI and faculty members in the School of Data Science is required. Positions are one year with the possibility of renewal, based on funding and satisfactory performance. TO APPLY  PROCESS FOR INTERNAL UVA APPLICANTS: Please apply through your Workday Home page, search “Find Jobs”, and search for ‘R0020378'. Complete an application online and attach a cover letter, resume, and contact information for three references (name, email address, telephone number, address). PROCESS FOR EXTERNAL UVA APPLICANTS: Please visit UVA job board https://uva.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/UVAJobs , complete the application and attach a cover letter, resume, and contact information for three references (name, email address, telephone number, address) . Please note that multiple documents can be uploaded in the box. Applications that do not contain all of the required documents will not receive full consideration. For information about the application process, please contact Rhiannon O’Coin at rmo2r@virginia.edu) Before a formal offer of employment is extended selected candidates will undergo a background check per University policy. The University of Virginia, i ncluding the UVA Health System which represents the UVA Medical Center, Schools of Medicine and Nursing, UVA Physician’s Group and the Claude Moore Health Sciences Library, are fundamentally committed to the diversity of our faculty and staff. We believe diversity is excellence expressing itself through every person's perspectives and lived experiences. We are equal opportunity and affirmative action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, national or ethnic origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, veteran status, and family medical or genetic information.
**Repost. This position is being reposted. All previous applicants are still under consideration and do not need to reapply**  The person in this position will be responsible for researching, extracting, importing, validating, and analyzing internal and external data for use in Federal and State Accountability measures and other reporting requirements using the SAS programming language. Perform necessary quality control and verification on submitted files. Evaluate reliability of source information. Work with various state and outside agencies/organizations to accrue information, validate data integrity and provide reports and recommendations on remediation. Extract data from existing data systems or files, cleaning and verifying data and converting into EDFact formats. Submit data via the Education Data Exchange Network (EDEN) submission system portal and answer questions or handle programming issues that arise in the submission of the data. Perform comparative analysis and validation. Fulfill data requests, including necessary research, extraction, importing, validating, and analyzing of internal and external data to fulfill requests. This position is located in the Office of Research and Data Analysis.  A bachelor's degree with statistical courses and experience in statistics.  Only those applicants chosen for an interview will be notified by letter that the position has been filled.  Title IX/Nondiscrimination:  http://ed.sc.gov/jobs/human-resources/title-is-nondiscrimination/
Summary Posted: Jul 26, 2021 Role Number:200270963 Imagine what you could do here! At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Combining groundbreaking machine learning techniques with next-generation hardware, our teams take user experiences to the next level. We are looking for machine learning scientists and engineers to join our teams in Santa Clara Valley, Seattle, Pittsburgh, Boston, Beijing, and Cambridge (UK). This posting is for virtual attendees of the KDD 2021 conference who are interested in full-time positions at Apple. Key Qualifications Strong background in machine learning and artificial intelligence with expertise in one or more of: computer vision, NLP, speech, optimization, deep learning, reinforcement learning, time series, generative models, signals, and distributed systems. Knowledge of common ML frameworks A passion for making ML methods robust and scalable Strong programming skills with proven experience crafting, prototyping, and delivering advanced algorithmic solutions Ability to explain and present analyses and machine learning concepts to a broad technical audience Be able to deliver ML technologies aligned with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, innovation, and respect for user privacy Creative, collaborative, and innovation focused Description As a member of a machine learning team at Apple, you will use your deep understanding of machine learning and artificial intelligence to tackle meaningful technical problems, collaborate with the most innovative product development teams in the world, and transfer your ideas into solutions in the next generation of Apple products. You will perform fundamental research by defining, designing, implementing and evaluating algorithms involving unrivaled data and objectives. You will also actively engage with the academic community by collaborating with universities, publishing and presenting your work, and attending conferences. Education & Experience PhD, MS, or BS in Machine Learning, Computer Science, or related fields.
Job Description: The Wall Street Journal’s Opinion section is looking for a data analyst to help deliver critical digital insights and visualizations to help guide strategy. This person will also be instrumental in the creation of new dashboards and metrics that will help with reporting and analysis on Opinion’s audience, traffic and growth. The role provides daily research support to the team and responsibilities include daily, weekly, and quarterly data reviews of Opinion content, analysis of historical and planned articles, and collaboration with other data teams in developing audience insights. The Wall Street Journal has a large digital audience that is quickly growing. As we grow, we are dedicated to understanding all of our audiences and the value we provide them. The data analyst will also work with WSJ team members on our Programming and News Insights teams, which is using data science and predictive modeling to help us engage better with our audiences. United under the banner “free markets, free people,” The Wall Street Journal Opinion section has long served as a forum for intelligent, values-driven commentary. While we aim to persuade, every word we publish is the product of rigorous reporting, research and debate. And though we uphold the same standards, we operate with complete independence from the newsroom. While you may start this job remotely, you will eventually be based in our New York office. The Data Analyst will have: At least 1-2 years of experience in a data analyst role The ability to manage, organize and present data in a clear, concise and actionable format to a wide array of audiences Great communication skills to be able to teach editors and reporters how to use tools and think about audience and traffic data The ability to turn raw data into visual insights to help support content decisions. Flexible workflow and ability to manage multiple assignments in a dynamic environment Creativity and strong critical thinking skills Top candidates will have strengths in multiple areas of the following: Knowledge of Python (preferred) or R Mid-level/advanced experience working in SQL and Excel Familiarity with statistical and significance tests Experience with Linux and cloud-based services. Experience with Tableau, Looker, Google Data Studio or similar BI tool is a plus. Knowledge of data analytics tools, including Omniture, Google Analytics, Parse.ly or Chartbeat is a plus Candidates should be familiar with the ideas, philosophy and principles for which the Wall Street Journal editorial page stands Although not requirements, skills appropriate for advanced visual and data journalism, such as knowledge of D3 and Illustrator; command of HTML, CSS and JS, would be a plus. Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com. Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: EDITORIAL Job Category: Data/Content Group About Us Since 1882, Dow Jones has been finding new ways to bring information to the world’s top business entities. Beginning as a niche news agency in an obscure Wall Street basement, Dow Jones has grown to be a worldwide news and information powerhouse, with prestigious brands including The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones Newswires, Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch and Financial News. This longevity and success is due to a relentless pursuit of accuracy, depth and innovation, enhanced by the wisdom of past experience and a solid grasp on the future ahead. More than its individual brands, Dow Jones is a modern gateway to intelligence, with innovative technology, advanced data feeds, integrated solutions, expert research, award-winning journalism and customizable apps and delivery systems to bring the information that matters most to customers, when and where they need it, every day. If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view "Find Jobs - Dow Jones." Thank you. Req ID: 25966
Data Scientist (Artificial Intelligence - A.I.) Bethesda, Maryland Benefits Offered: Vision, Medical, Dental, 401K Employment Offered: Full Time Job Description: Looking for a Data Scientist to help develop an acquisition system that takes full advantage of Artificial Intelligence to enhance its capabilities. The program goal is to Enhance and Streamline the end to end process by utilizing new and emerging technologies such As Block-chain, Artificial intelligence (AI) and Robotic Process Automation.  Numerous Roles available in: A.I. Model creation and ability to write APIs access be reporting and front end. Ability to assist and develop development models in code and Mongo database  EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree 1-3 years’ Total experience 1 years Exp. in expertise  About Swain Techs: Make a difference with Swain Techs. As you consider a career at Swain Techs, you will find countless opportunities to contribute to solutions that are changing the world in real and measurable ways in our technical, engineering, and enterprise IT core business areas. Why Swain Techs? Swain Techs is an award winning 8(a) certified small business with over a decade of exceptional performance. Headquartered in Horsham, PA with offices in Washington, DC., Virginia, and Delaware, Swain Techs has been awarded several prime contracts with U.S. Navy, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), the Department of Commerce-US Patent and Trade Office (USPTO) and the U.S. Customs and Border Patrol (CBP). We are among the fastest 5000 growing companies in the US for 2014 and 2015 according to Inc. Magazine. We are CMMi ML3 appraised for Development & Services plus Service System Development and ISO 9001:2015 certified. We know that our continued success begins with you. Swain Techs is always looking for bright, energetic, entrepreneurial-driven people to join our team. If you are looking for an exciting environment, where your opinion is highly valued, and you are fanatical about customer service, we would love to talk with you. Come and discover what makes Swain Techs a great place to work.  Visit our website http://swain
Company Description CREATIVITY IS OUR SUPERPOWER. It’s our heritage and it’s also our future. Because we don’t just make toys. We create innovative products and experiences that inspire, entertain and develop children through play. Mattel is at its best when every member of our team feels respected, included, and heard—when everyone can show up as themselves and do their best work every day. We value and share an infinite range of ideas and voices that evolve and broaden our perspectives with a reach that extends into all our brands, partners, and suppliers.  Job Description The Opportunity: * Open to Remote Work! * Mattel is currently seeking a Data Architect for our BI Platforms team. Purpose of this position is delivery of solutions / data products to Mattel Business and Technology customers leveraging the Mattel Data Platform. The role expects the Data Architect to be accountable and responsible for Enterprise Data Framework vision and implementation. This role requires skillset to Implement enterprise solutions, guide High Level Design for Data Integration, Develop & curate data models for Analytics and ensure the data pipelines are based on the data architecture Ensure governance of data products is following the defined data architecture and implementation standard Be the point person for supporting data scientists and analysts for Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence (ML/AI) based data engineering. The position defines and curates Mattel’s data architecture strategy, principles, standards, processes and tools. The Data Architect will ensure we effectively manage our investment in Google Cloud Big Data / AI Platform and Informatica Data Management platform to support the organization’s strategic goals. This position reports directly to the Senior Manager of the BI Platforms group What Your Impact Will Be: Lead data engineering teams to build pipelines for delivering data, using state of the art pipelining with AIML capabilities. Deliver and Enhance Mattel common data library, Business Ready datasets and Mattel canonical model by ongoing opportunities in the existing ecosystem to enhance them. Evaluate and implement emerging technology such as cloud data warehouse appliances, real time streaming, predictive/prescriptive/diagnostic and descriptive analytics, data visualization, and Cloud based Big Data Perform the role of an Architect to support Mattel’s enterprise Data Integration competency and assist developers with High Level Design for Data Integration and develop and maintain data models. Create Logical and Physical database design using IBM Architect Deliver to the common data model based on requirements and work with the ETL lead/developers to align detailed ETL specifications. Ensure governance to Common Data and Canonical models Diagnose and resolve data warehouse access and performance issues. Tune poor performing SQL’s or long running Informatica jobs. Also work with the BI team to identify slow running reports.  Qualifications What We’re Looking For: Bachelor's degree preferred or equivelant experience Demonstratable Logical and Physical database design using data modeling tools . Must have demonstrable working knowledge of delivering insight projects to business via a defined data data architecture Demonstrable knowledge of cloud-based data warehousing, streaming, batch processing. Solid understanding of database structures, theories, principles, and practices Strong working knowledge of Google Big Query, Python, Streaming, Oracle, Distributed Processing, DataSecOps tools such as git, Docker, etc Administer design and deployment of all data warehouse structures (DW, DM, OLAP, ODS, Data Lake etc.). Experience with DQ/DG and Data catalogs Working knowledge of ML/AI with Python and/or R. Working knowledge of Informatica toolsets including IICS, as well as continuous delivery practices for data pipelines, preferably with no-code pipeline technology environment Advanced analytical/problem solving skills. Exposure to Agile development practice such as SAFe, DevOps Basic project management skills. Advanced written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to effectively communicate complex technical issues to a non-technical audience Strong collaboration and mentoring skills The ability to manage multiple priorities Additional Information What It’s Like to Work Here: We are a purpose driven company aiming to empower the next generation to explore the wonder of childhood and reach their full potential. We live up to our purpose employing the following behaviors: We collaborate: Being a part of Mattel means being part of one team with shared values and common goals. Every person counts and working closely together always brings better results. Partnership is our process and our collective capabilities is our superpower. We innovate: At Mattel we always aim to find new and better ways to create innovative products and experiences. No matter where you work in the organization, you can always make a difference and have real impact. We welcome new ideas and value new initiatives that challenge conventional thinking. We execute: We are a performance driven company. We strive for excellence and are focused on pursuing best in class outcomes. We believe in accountability and ownership and know that our people are at their best when they are empowered to create and deliver results. Who We Are: Mattel is a leading global toy company and owner of one of the strongest catalogs of children’s and family entertainment franchises in the world. We create innovative products and experiences that inspire, entertain and develop children through play. We engage consumers through our portfolio of iconic brands, including Barbie, Hot Wheels, Fisher-Price, American Girl, Thomas & Friends, UNO and MEGA, as well as other popular intellectual properties that we own or license in partnership with global entertainment companies. Our offerings include film and television content, gaming, music and live events. We operate in 35 locations and our products are available in more than 150 countries in collaboration with the world’s leading retail and ecommerce companies. Since its founding in 1945, Mattel is proud to be a trusted partner in empowering children to explore the wonder of childhood and reach their full potential.  Visit us at https://jobs.mattel.com/ and www.instagram.com/MattelCareers.  Mattel is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer where we want you to bring your authentic self to work every day. We welcome all job seekers including minorities, females, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and those of all sexual orientations and gender identities.
Data EngineerWe are looking for an ambitious team member to join a stellar team that’s leading the efforts to further expand our customer offerings for United Solutions AI-driven products, solutions, and services within Fraud Detection, Medical Diagnostics, Governance Risk Compliance, Supply Chain, and Value Optimization; and help us deliver a best-in-class Customer experience. With a focus on innovation projects, you will be part of a small, agile, and constantly evolving team, working to identify and execute upon growth opportunities that meet our ambitious commercial and governmental goals. This role will have a deep understanding of data architecture, data engineering, data analysis, reporting, and a basic understanding of data science techniques and workflows.The person in this position must be deeply committed to the success of the United Solutions Data, AI, and R&D Team, including in facilitating a vigorous environment of high productivity, positivity, transparency, and shared commitment to the company's goals and mission. This person must be highly dependable, with strong capacities to work independently. Members of the Data, AI and R&D Team will be part of a nimble program and require the capacity to respond rapidly to evolving goals. Opportunities for advancement and leadership available to effective team members. Open and respectful communication with all members of the Data, AI and R&D Team are critical for success. United Solutions anticipates a fast-paced environment in which the Data Science Team will play a key role in driving the science objectives.Primary ResponsibilitiesIngest and aggregate data from both internal and external data sources to build our world class datasets and make them ready for consumption by our data scientists and stakeholders.Build large-scale batch and real-time data pipelines with data processing frameworks like Storm, or Spark and ingestion solutions such as Kafka or Kinesis on the Amazon Web Services.Leverage best practices in continuous integration and delivery.Help drive optimization, testing, and tooling to improve data quality.Collaborate with other engineers, data scientists, machine learning engineers, developers, and stakeholders, taking learning and leadership opportunities that will arise every single day.Work in cross functional agile teams to continuously experiment, iterate, and deliver on new product objectives.Education & ExperienceBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related discipline. A technical Graduate degree or certification is a plus.You know how to work with high volume heterogeneous data, preferably with distributed systems such as Hadoop, Spark, Cassandra, Cloudera, Databricks, MongoDB, EMR, RDS, and Redshift.You have experience with one or more data processing frameworks such as Beam, Crunch, Storm, Spark, and Flink.You are knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques.You are knowledgeable about data workflows and machine learning lifecycles such as Airflow, MLflow.You understand the value of collaboration within teams, are excellent communicators, and can build relationships with a diverse set of stakeholders.Strong skills and experience with SQL and NoSQL.Experience with Data Warehouses and Data Lakes.Experience with data ingestion via API and/or web scraping/crawling (e.g. Selenium, BeautifulSoup) at scale preferred.Experience with productivity applications: GitLab, GitHub, Asana, RocketChat, Jira, Atlassian SuiteExperience with CI/CD pipelines.Experience with Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform is a plus.Employment Type - Full-timeQualified candidates must live in the United States, with the ability to commute to the Rockville, MD office.Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.United Solutions is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all persons without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identification, age, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, national origin, disabled veteran or Vietnam-era veteran, or any other classification protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws. We prohibit and do not tolerate any form of discrimination or harassment.Job Type: Full-timePay: $50,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
ABOUT LeaseLock: LeaseLock helps the world find home. We are the world’s leading insurtech platform for real estate. We insure over $1B in leases. Our customers include real estate behemoths like Greystar, Cushman Wakefield, Avenue5 Residential, Goldman Sachs, and TruAmerica. We recently closed a $52M Series B backed by world class investors including SoftBank Venture Asia, Westerly Winds, and Wildcat Venture Partners. LeaseLock saw 400% growth in 2020 with more than 1.5M homes on our platform. We want to keep that momentum going—which is where you come in! ROLE SUMMARY: LeaseLock processes large-scale, complex datasets to automate the deployment of insurance across our clients’ assets. As an Associate Data Engineer, you will contribute to our state-of-the-art transformation layers- that power our data science models and our mission-critical reporting- using your software engineering and analytical skills. The ideal candidate loves learning and employing software engineering best practices as much as diving into the nuances of a data set. Join us and help unlock our next phase of growth! RESPONSIBILITIES: Leverage your SQL knowledge to contribute to our ETLs and combine disparate data into highly performative and intuitive tables Automate our data pipelines and models, using technologies like Python, Airflow, Docker, and AWS. Make information available across the company, by mapping the outputs of your data models into Looker Be an active member of the Data Science team, contributing new ideas and challenging assumptions in team meetings! QUALIFICATIONS: Foundational SQL Skills — You know your way around a database. You’re no stranger to the nuances of various joins and are eager to learn advanced data warehousing concepts. Foundational Python skills — You’re comfortable with popular libraries like Pandas and NumPy and are familiar with object-oriented and functional programming patterns. Software engineering skills — You have experience and a desire to grow as a software engineer; perhaps you’ve used tools like Airflow, Docker, or the AWS CLI. You know the SQL console and Jupyter notebook are only first steps in the data engineering lifecycle! Written communication — You’re eager to document and share your work in a distributed environment. NICE TO HAVE: Code testing experience — You’ve written unit tests or integration tests Looker experience — You’ve used Looker or a similar BI tool BENEFITS: Full medical, dental, and vision benefits 401k matching Unlimited vacation time Equity in a venture-backed company Opportunity to build a brand from the ground up Help make a difference in housing affordability in America  Br5DYoCVK9
Our Company   Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.   We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!  The Opportunity Machine Learning is a critical part of Adobe’s Cloud offering. Adobe Clouds enable customers to build and manage digital content, such as assets, composites, 3D, documents etc., and digital experience and transformations. Creative Cloud is focused on visual imagination and creation, and includes such well-known products as Photoshop, Illustrator, Lightroom, and Adobe Stock. Document Cloud is centered around the creation and management of textual documents, including Acrobat and Adobe Sign. Experience Cloud is the set of offerings for the large-scale enterprise, covering marketing, advertising, and analytics. Adobe Sensei powers machine learning and artificial intelligence across all of these Adobe Cloud product lines. This platform enables thousands of applied researchers, millions of users, and billions of content pieces. The objective is to make machine learning offerings a world-class, leading-edge, differentiating product in Adobe Cloud ecosystem. We match the pace, innovation and excitement of a startup, backed by the resources and infrastructure of Adobe! Data is critical piece of developing machine learning solutions. ML data can include the datasets that train algorithms, but also large-scale evaluation datasets which give insights into algorithm behavior that helps to refine and evolve ML products. Training data – Adobe’s training datasets often contain digital art, photos, videos, text, or audio files, along with some type of additional knowledge data (user behaviors, annotations, manipulations) to enable meaningful machine learning. How do we build these datasets to maximize performance and accuracy for the customer? How do we ensure that our models are robust and unbiased? Evaluation - How do we assess the quality of our algorithms and models? What is the ground truth we use to judge them? Where do they succeed and how do they fail? These problems are even more subtle in the complex, creative domains of Adobe products – for example, how should we judge the quality of similarity search, where a user finds new images with an image as the query? We’re looking for data scientists to define, drive, and coordinate training data construction and model evaluation for the Applied Machine Learning team at Adobe. This will involve thinking hard about product quality, the role of machine learning in those products, and the capabilities of large-scale human-judgment tasks to support scalable solutions that generate the fuel for success of our AI/ML algorithms. Responsibilities: Work closely with product, research, and engineering leaders to understand ML applications and define success. Interact with APIs to effectively sample raw data to optimize for ML training and evaluation. Design tasks and guidelines for human judgment jobs to annotate images, videos, text, audio; and also to measure the performance of machine-learned and other advanced algorithms. Help design A/B tests for our cloud offerings, and use human judgment vs. end-user A/B tests as appropriate Create a winning culture built on collaboration and shared accomplishments- have fun along the way! Qualifications: BS or MS in a technical field (Computer Science, Physics, Math, Statistics) OR in a human-centered field such as Psychology, Linguistics, Human-Computer Interaction. Exposure to applied machine learning in an enterprise setting. Proven experience in validation and evaluation of machine learned models. Strong quantitative and analytical orientation. Experience in evaluation metrics, Python or R, JSON parsing, custom HTML for visualization. Strong qualitative skillset. Experience in taxonomies, survey design. Understanding of issues around ground truth and training/evaluation data for ML, including human judgment and A/B testing Hands-on experience using third-party judgment services such as Figure 8, Appen, or Amazon Mechanical Turk. At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status.
COMPANY OVERVIEW:General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 13,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran.BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math is required plus a minimum of 2 years relevant experience or Master’s degree in a related technical disciplineCLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:A TS/SCI security clearance with the ability to obtain a Polygraph is required at time of hire. Candidates must be able to obtain the Polygraph within a reasonable amount of time from date of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.JOB DESCRIPTION:Developing mission-critical systems that help keep people safe is what we do. At General Dynamics Mission Systems, you’ll be part of the team that helps heroes make a true impact. The work we do is important. The challenges we face are career-defining. The opportunity we can offer is one-of-a-kind.We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar space and everything in between.As a Data Engineer, you’ll lead model and simulation activities as you participate in requirements analysis and management, functional analysis, performance analysis, system design, trade studies, systems integration and test (verification). It’s your chance to step up to the challenge and prove you’re ready to lead the world.REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES AND TASKS:We are seeking a Data Engineer to support the Insider Threat mission. Data Engineers work with various security system data owners to automate data integration and collection strategies. Work closely with the data science team to ensure data cleanliness and accuracy.Support data science team by designing, developing and implementing scalable ETL process for disparate datasets into a Hadoop infrastructureDesign, develop, implement and maintain data ingestion process from various disparate datasets using StreamSets (experience with StreamSets not mandatory)Develop processes to identify data drift and malformed recordsJob Types: Full-time, ContractWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
The new faculty members in Data Science teach three courses each semester, including possible capstone courses. Other duties include student advising, participation in committee work, mentoring students doing research and applied projects, and helping build relationships with industry and government data science professionals. Evidence of excellence in teaching and applied research and contributions to sponsored projects in data science are encouraged. Minimum Qualifications: PhD in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics or other social or natural science with a focus on data science and documented experience in the application of data science to Big Data problems in the natural and/or social sciences. ABD candidates will be considered, but must complete all Ph.D. or Doctoral degree requirements by the date of appointment. Advertised Salary: Salary will be commensurate with experience. Other Benefits: The successful applicant will receive start-up funding, graduate student teaching assistance, and opportunities for teaching in the summers. The Data Science program is in a high-demand field allowing opportunities for students to complete paid projects and internships and faculty to work as both private and public sector consultants. Other Information: Special Instructions to Applicants: To apply, please complete an online application and upload a cover letter, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, research and teaching statements, up to three sample research publications or works in progress, and provide contact information for at least three professional references. We will request the reference letters on an as needed basis. Review of applications will begin on April 16, 2021 and will continue until the positions are filled. Only complete applications will be considered. Inquiries may be directed to Dr. Ryan Engstrom at datsdirector@gwu.edu. Department Link: Posting Close Date: Open Until Filled: Yes Background Screening Successful Completion of a Background Screening will be required as a condition of hire. EEO Statement: The university is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Quick Link https://www.gwu.jobs/postings/81391 Applicant Documents Required Documents Curriculum Vitae Cover Letter Transcript Statement of Teaching Interest Statement of Research Interest Sample Publications Optional Documents Resume List of Publications Names and Contact Information for References
Nashville Data Science Tutor Jobs  It’s back-to-school time and the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science tutors nationally and in Nashville. As a tutor who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money, choose your own hours, and truly make a difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid 2x per week. Choose to tutor as much or as little as you want. Set your own hours and schedule. Get paired with students best-suited to your teaching style and preferences (from thousands of potential clients). Tutor online (i.e. “work remotely”) using our purpose-built Live Learning Platform. Students can take adaptive assessments through the platform and share results to help you decide where to focus. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a tutor:  You have excellent communication skills and a friendly, approachable personality. You can show subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have the ability to personalize lessons for each student.  >Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors and 1-on-1 Online Tutoring  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. With 1-on-1 Online Tutoring, individual students are connected with tutors for a highly personalized learning experience. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right tutors can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.  Please note: Varsity Tutors does not contract in: Alaska, California, Delaware, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia or Puerto Rico.
Job Description: Position Summary: The Associate R&D Data Scientist is directly responsible for contributing to multiple components of the NAEP process data development for data science. Careful and principled feature set and infrastructure design and forward-looking understanding of data science practices as well as careful planning is required to ensure that NAEP creates valuable analyses and accessible data products with the level of innovation required by the NAEP client. This position will require that the incumbent work closely with guidance from their manager and a cross-functional team at ETS (including assessment development, psychometrics, data science, data engineering, data analysis, and reporting teams) to improve the value of the insights we gain from the data collected for the client and the interested public. Responsibilities: Adhere to ethical standards and comply with the laws and regulations applicable to the job function Projects may include (1) data architecture development (2) identification of value engagement, usage, progression, and performance data points (3) automation of collection processes. A user data footprint within a discrete activity typically has few interactions, a discrete engagement pattern, and often be one piece of a larger usage ecosystem. The deliverable of a user footprint is relatively narrow in scope. Support the preprocessing of structured and unstructured data in moderate to large sized data sets. Support of preprocessing of data may include (1) data cleaning (a) missing data (b) noisy data (2) data transformation (a) normalization (b) attribute selection (c) discretization (d) concept hierarchy generation (3) data reduction (a) aggregation (b) subset selection (c) numerosity and dimensionality reduction. Support of preprocessing typically involves the management of moderate to large sized data files in an AWS environment (storage and compute applications) with strong oversite from more senior data scientists. Support the research and development of statistical models for data analysis of small to moderate sized data sets. Research and development projects may include (1) exploring data sets to discover trends and patters (2) build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms (3) develop new methods for uncovering trends (4) combining models through ensemble modeling. Support the use of data visualization techniques to enable the communication of results and ideas to key decision makers. Contribute to the brainstorming of proposed solutions and strategies based on insights gleaned from analyses and model building. Solutions and strategies might include (1) processes for increasing internal efficiencies (2) optimization of existing products, programs, and services (3) development of new products, programs, and services. Collaborate with engineers and developers to support the interpretation and implementation of data insights. Follow all QA, documentation, and code archive processes.  Required Experience: Education, Certifications, or Special Licenses: A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Educational Technology or a related field is required. A Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Educational Technology or a related field is preferred. Relevant Years of Experience: At least one-year proven experience in data mining and machine learning. At least one-year proven use of R, SQL, and Python. At least one-year proven use of Amazon Web Services compute, storage, analytics, management and governance and machine learning services. EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer of Women and Minorities. EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer of protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE is a Drug-free workplace. From: Educational Testing Service
Company Overview:  Avantus Federal, a NewSpring Holdings Company, is a mission-focused services and solutions company headquartered in McLean, VA. Drawing upon its heritage companies’ histories of consistent growth and high performance in the federal services market, Avantus ensures eminence is earned, sustained and grown. Avantus’ services and solutions are designed, tailored, and executed based on our long history of helping our Homeland Security, Defense, Intelligence, and Federal Civilian customers solve complex challenges. Our capabilities include Project & Portfolio Management, Facilities, Acquisition & Sustainment, Systems Engineering Technical Services, Operations & Analysis, Transformation & Advisory Services, Data & Software Solutions, Digital Innovation, and Augmented Intelligence. Position Overview:  The data scientist will use a diverse range of data-focused skills and experience, both technical and analytical. Possesses a strong desire and capability for problem solving, data analysis and troubleshooting, analytical thinking, and experimentation. Responsibilities: Work with large, complex, and disparate data sets Design and implement innovative ways to analyze and exploit the customer's data holdings Research and report on a wide variety of customer's inquiries Raise proactive inquiries based on observations and proposed data analysis/exploitation Solve difficult, non-routine problems by applying advanced analytical methodologies, and improving analytic methodologies Develop custom searches Communicate and coordinate with internal and external partners as needed Required Qualifications: Thorough knowledge of analytic tools and methodologies such as probability and statistics, formal modeling, computational social sciences, computer science, machine learning and/or scientific computing. Ability to code or script in one or more programming/scripting languages Understanding and use of algorithms such as classification, regression, clustering, and anomaly detection Knowledge of relational databases and/or non-relational data stores, including RDBMS and large-scale distributed systems (e.g. Hadoop) Demonstrated ability to use technical and analytic skills to solve complex investigative problems Demonstrated effectiveness in collecting information and accurately representing/visualizing it to non-technical third parties Active TS/SCI clearance with polygraph required #AvantusClearedJob Preferred Qualifications: Expertise with statistical data analysis (e.g. linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods) Company EEO Statement:  Avantus Federal is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other category protected by law. Avantus hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.
Sitting at the intersection of a three-way marketplace, Rewards Network is a ripe opportunity for a data enthusiast to tackle interesting and complex problems while delivering production-ready data science assets that integrate with our growing array of technologies and products. Data Scientists at Rewards Network operate at multiple levels, from delivering data assets that support tactical day-to-day operations, to strategic research helping shape top-level business decisions. The machine-learning models they design, integrate with our technologies to support member experience and client results. Data Scientists work closely with stakeholders across the company to understand our business needs and deliver immediate and long-term value. Success in this role requires a driven problem-solver that is prepared to design and develop innovative solutions.  Rewards Network supports restaurant businesses through marketing services that deliver high-value patrons. Core to our value proposition is the seamless, low-friction experience we provide our full-price diners. This experience rests on an infrastructure of accurate and efficient credit card purchase tracking. To help us grow and maintain this foundational technology, Rewards Network is seeking a Data Scientist with experience working with credit card transactional data. What you'll do with us: Drive actionable insights from data and present them to external and internal clients in a compelling manner Collaborate across departments to understand business objectives and identify novel data-opportunities Develop machine learning algorithms that support operations and production systems: E.g. Retention and Recovery automation, ISOMID inference, cross vendor identification of unique businesses, etc. Contribute to the development and maintenance of our data infrastructure to enhance the cleanliness and effectiveness of our data sources Collaborate in defining a clear and effective Data Model to support management of transactional channels Create well documented coding and analytics packets to ensure reusability as the team expands Who you are: Experience working with credit card data from: payment processors, credit card networks (direct file feeds), and/or point-of-sales systems Programming skills in form of Python & SQL. Concise and organized programming skills will be highly valuable Familiarity with AWS (S3, Redshift, Sagemaker) will be valuable Experience with any BI visualization tool Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment Flexibility to tackle the changing problems at hand both big and small Strong written/verbal communication and presentation skills We connect diners to fantastic restaurant experiences by offering unique card-linked offers thanks to our ability to leverage advanced technology and powerful data analytics, while simultaneously providing value to our strategic partners' overall loyalty programs. We work alongside our restaurant partners every day, sharing in the ebbs and flows of their business while helping them achieve their dreams. We provide marketing and financing that work with their business and are truly pay-for-performance. We help them increase revenue, traffic, and customer engagement. Importantly, our services do not require the merchant to discount or give away their products. Even more, we enhance our partners' loyalty programs by offering a turn-key, scalable dining rewards program that is right for their business model and leverages their unique brand to help increase the value proposition for their customers. Finally, we connect our millions of members to our participating restaurants, allowing them to earn the rewards they desire when dining out. Rewards Network is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). We encourage and strongly support workplace diversity.
Summary Posted: Apr 22, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200240655 The Strategic Data Solutions team is looking for an experienced people manager, with a demonstrable record of leading teams within a fraud mitigation landscape. This role is responsible for leading our Digital Goods Technical Fraud Analyst team, which is focused on combating fraud, waste and abuse. As a Digital Goods Technical Fraud Analyst Manager, you build strong relationships, demonstrate ownership and accountability, develop career paths and skills within the team, and influence the direction of the function you support. The candidate will also be skilled in navigating an environment of ambiguity and uncertainty, making decisions based on information that may be incomplete at times, and demonstrating an uncanny sense of when to hold course vs shift directions for their team. In this role, you'll combine knowledge the Digital Goods ecosystem with data science techniques/toolsets in order to help the team approach fraud mitigation in a new and exciting way that enables us to scale with success. This position is based in Austin, TX. Key Qualifications Experience analyzing complex fraud scenarios, interpreting findings from their datasets, and providing recommendations and/or driving action based on findings Superb communication skills at all levels in the organization, both written and verbal. Unwavering ability to maintain poise and a positive attitude in a challenging and dynamic environment Demonstrates innovation and creativity in their approach to problem solving Ability to perform in both strategic and tactical situations, and shift between them as defined by the needs of the role Experience managing performance and coaching to functional skills Strong organizational skills with an ability to oversee and drive multiple activities at once Demonstrates a willingness to learn big data systems and programming languages such as SQL or Python. Prior experience a plus. Description • Oversee TFA tactical execution for Digital Goods on a daily basis • Prioritize execution tasks outside of the team's standard scope • Drive execution and results, ensuring review metrics are in line with program targets • Project Manage team initiatives as needed • Engage with internal and external functional partners to gain perspective and understanding • Collaborate with and support the team to innovate, encouraging experimentation and growth • Partner with RCC to manage SLA and capacity for their functional area, flexing resources as needed to support capacity goals Education & ExperienceUndergraduate or advanced degree in relevant field, or equivalent experience
Job SummaryCyberVista is looking for a passionate Data Analyst. The successful candidate will turn data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions. Data analyst responsibilities include conducting full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design. Data analysts will develop analysis and reporting capabilities.Our Ideal Candidate: Loves large datasets, numbers, and making sense of chaosHas a thorough understanding of data science techniques, including but not limited to regression analysis, randomized-controlled trial/experimental design, classification analysis, and predictive modelingKnowledge of and experience with reporting and visualization tools Tableau, PowerBI, etc.Has a working proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Tableau, PowerBI, R, Python, and SQLIs comfortable working independently to complete assigned tasks;Is highly-organized and detail-orientedDisplays excellent interpersonal communication and presentational skills, written and oralHas a collaborative mindset, is willing to share knowledge, and responsive to constructive feedbackHas the ability to learn and adapt to new information and technology platformsPreferred but not required: Bachelor’s in mathematics, economics, political science, natural sciences, data science, or a similar fieldU.S. Veterans strongly encouraged to applyRegular Responsibilities Include: Performing data collection and entry as neededDesigning visualizations for reporting purposesAssisting with data architecture and process flow developmentInterpreting multiple sets of data with different visualizations for stakeholdersAssisting in regular internal and external reporting updates and trackingGathering requirements for KPIs, metrics, analytics, and reporting developmentTraining staff on report production and consumptionDelivering high-quality presentations to customers and internal stakeholdersPerforming other duties and projects as assignedOther Competencies To Be Successful: Technical LiteracyUses existing technology efficiently as required in their role.Adopts new technology with the help of training and resources.Overcomes technological challenges that arise by following instructions or seeking assistance.Client FocusResponsive to internal and external customer requests.Actively listens and asks questions to determine customer needs.Addresses internal and external customer inquiries promptly.Keeps customers up to date and well informed.Brings forward internal and external customer service incidents and concerns.Takes pride in delivering high-quality service.Teamwork and Collaboration Understands role on the team and the associated responsibilities and accountabilities.Treats team members with respect.Contributes to team decisions and to the achievement of team goals and objectives.Demonstrates a positive attitude.Works cross-functionally to achieve common goals and to support the achievement of other team/department's goals.Values working in a diverse team and understands the importance of differing perspectives to develop unique solutions or ideas.CyberVista is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Job Type: Part-timePay: $25.00 - $40.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDisability insuranceEmployee discountFlexible schedulePaid time offSchedule:Day shiftMonday to FridayAbility to commute/relocate:Arlington, VA 22209: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Experience:Tableau, R, and SQL: 1 year (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes
Strength Through Diversity Ground breaking science. Advancing medicine. Healing made personal. Roles & Responsibilities: The Mount Sinai Clinical Intelligence Center (MSCIC) is hiring a centralized Engineering and Informatics Core that will build an Informatics Crisis Response Platform. This platform will include two components: (1) a Critical Informatics Consultation Service that provides Mount Sinai Health System (MSHS) clinicians and researchers easy-to-digest answers to pressing clinical questions (2) a Rapid Clinical Intervention Toolkit that facilitates the practice of evidence-based medicine at MSHS by feeding insights from our data science teams into the daily workflow via the electronic medical record. MSCIC is currently focused on translational COVID-19 research. The Clinical Data Scientist will play a direct role in developing key components of the Critical Response Platform, including the Critical Informatics Consultation Service, with the goal of providing MSHS clinicians and researchers synthesized answers to emergent clinical questions using insights from electronic health record (EHR) data. The Clinical Data Scientist will interact with patient data in the following modalities: Electronic Health Records; imaging metadata, genetic and genomic metadata, and will have the opportunity to be involved in several high-impact projects across the entire Mount Sinai Health System. This unique role within a dynamic team of data scientists, researchers, and clinicians will afford the ideal candidate the opportunity to directly impact patient care in a clinical setting and be on the forefront of COVID-19 breakthroughs, as well as other clinical domains. The ideal candidate will have the following experience Translational or clinical research experience with a specific interest in applications of clinical data Experience working with record data types and ontologies including ICD-9/10, LOINC, RxNorm, UMLS, CPT codes, etc. Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree; Master’s degree or doctoral degree in a quantitative science-related field (e.g., biomedical informatics, clinical informatics, etc.) strongly preferred. Individuals with doctorates in clinical informatics with previous EHR experience are highly preferred. Strong SQL; Familiarity with EPIC EHR reporting systems (Clarity, Caboodle) is a strong advantage but not a prerequisite. Significant expertise with programming and statistical software experience in R and/or Python. Strong communication, with fluency in spoken and written English Keywords: Data Science, Multi-omics, Electronic Health Records, Electronic Medical Records, Common Data Models, R, Python Strength Through Diversity The Mount Sinai Health System believes that diversity, equity and inclusion are drivers for excellence. We share a common devotion to delivering exceptional patient care. Yet we’re as diverse as the city we call home- culturally, ethically, in outlook and lifestyle. When you join us, you become a part of Mount Sinai’s unrivaled record of achievement, education, and advancement as we revolutionize medicine together and participate actively as a leader within the Mount Sinai Health System by: Serving as the primary resource management representative of the Mount Sinai leadership teams, committees, etc., and acting as the primary executive leader interface between Mount Sinai and key executives from the health systems’ vendors and partners. Engaging with relevant thought leaders and policy-makers at the federal and state levels, and representing the Health System as assigned. Using a lens of equity in establishing and promoting policies and procedures and providing opportunities for all to thrive. Confronting racist, sexist or other inappropriate behavior and challenges exclusionary organizational practices and serving as a role model to promote anti-racist behaviors. Inspiring and fostering an environment of anti-racist behaviors among and between departments and co-workers. We work hard to recruit and retain the best people, and to create a welcoming, nurturing work environment where you have the opportunity and support to develop professionally. We share the belief that all employees, regardless of job title or expertise, have an impact on quality patient care. Explore more about this opportunity and how you can help us write a new chapter in our story! Who We Are Over 42,000 employees strong, the mission of the Mount Sinai Health System is to provide compassionate patient care with seamless coordination and to advance medicine through unrivaled education, research, and outreach in the many diverse communities we serve. Formed in September 2013, The Mount Sinai Health System combines the excellence of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai with seven premier hospitals, including Mount Sinai Beth Israel, Mount Sinai Brooklyn, The Mount Sinai Hospital, Mount Sinai West (formerly Mount Sinai Roosevelt), Mount Sinai Morningside (formerly Mount Sinai St. Luke’s), and New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai. The Mount Sinai Health System is an equal opportunity employer. We comply with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate, exclude, or treat people differently on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. EOE Minorities/Women/Disabled/Veterans
Scientist I, Integrative Data AnalysisThe mission of the Allen Institute for Cell Science is to create multi-scale visual models of cell organization, dynamics, and activities. Our approach encompasses large scale data collection, observation, theory, and predictions to understand cellular behavior in normal and pathological contexts. As a division within the Allen Institute, the Allen Institute for Cell Science uses a team-oriented approach, focusing on accelerating foundational research, developing standards and models, and cultivating new ideas to make a transformational impact on science.The Allen Institute for Cell Science uses 3D live cell imaging to generate unprecedented data for the analysis of the cell and its components as an integrated system. We seek a talented scientist to join the Computational Biology and Machine Learning Team to help build, analyze, and deploy sophisticated computational models of cell states and dynamic cellular processes that leverage these rich images and movies independently and in concert with diverse complementary data. Research at the Institute is highly collaborative, requiring scientists and engineers to work across disciplines, focusing on high impact biological questions and establishing/maintaining the highest standards for best practices and computational rigor.The three roles of this position are to: 1) use and develop computational methodology to analyze single cell transcriptomic data from differentiating human stem cells, 2) analyze live cell microscopy images, and 3) develop integrative analyses that combine the transcriptomic data with the image data. The person filling this position will act as a technical domain expert for single cell and spatial transcriptomics technology. Examples of relevant current projects are here and here.The Allen Institute believes that team science significantly benefits from the participation of diverse voices, experiences, and backgrounds. High-quality science can only be produced when it includes different perspectives. We are committed to increasing diversity across every team and encourage people from all backgrounds to apply for this role.**Applicants should include a brief cover letter (max 1 Page) summarizing relevant research experience and qualifications.Essential FunctionsAnalyze single cell genomic data - from raw reads to sophisticated downstream analyses - using existing bioinformatic analysis tools or developing new tools as neededAnalyze live cell microscopy image data in a variety of Institute projectsIntegrate single cell genomic/transcriptomic data with image data to convey information about cellular organization, including transcript locationCollaboratively develop a comprehensive computational framework to describe cellular state transitions based on the integration of transcriptomics and imaging dataPromote integration and sharing of tools, resources, models, and data across the InstituteWork across teams to transform prototype models into professionally packaged and reusable applications with intuitive and accessible visualizationsPractice software development best practices and follow industry standardsCommunicate effectively within and across teams, as well as with the greater scientific community through presentations, documentation, web dissemination, and research papersActively seek and develop creative solutions for problem solving and standardizationNote: Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions; it does not proscribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.Required Education and ExperiencePhD or equivalent in computational biology, bioinformatics, machine learning, statistics, applied mathematics, computer science/electrical engineering, or related field; or equivalent combination of degree and experienceExperience analyzing single cell genomic data; deep knowledge of high dimensional statistical techniques and modeling approaches; and ability to frame biologically relevant questions as efficiently solvable computational problemsExperience using common computational biology methods, tools, and data resourcesDemonstrated success working on interdisciplinary projectsDemonstrated proficiency in scientific computing including Python and Linux/UNIX environmentExperience utilizing software engineering practices such as version management, build management and testingPreferred Education and ExperienceComfortable designing and sharing their own scientific computing stackKnowledge of image-processing and/or image analysis applicationsAble to provide expertise on a range of scientific computing problem settings, including application of appropriate models and data requirementsSharable open source scientific codebase that you have created or contributed toStrong communication skills and ability to work in a collaborative, multi-disciplinary environmentFamiliarity with modern machine learning toolsPhysical DemandsFine motor movements in fingers/hands to operate computers and other office equipment; repetitive motion with lab equipmentPosition Type/Expected Hours of WorkThis role is currently able to work remotely due to COVID-19 and our focus on employee safety. We are a Washington State employer, and remote work must be performed in Washington State. We continue to evaluate the safest options for our employees. As restrictions are lifted in relation to COVID-19, this role will return to work onsite.Additional Comments**Please note, this opportunity offers relocation assistance****Please note, this opportunity offers work visa sponsorship**It is the policy of the Allen Institute to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, the Allen Institute will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.Job Type: Full-time
DeepMap is a start-up that is laser focused on building the third revolution and new paradigm of mapping. We provide HD Mapping and Localization as-a-service for automotive and other robotic applications. At DeepMap you will be surrounded by a world-class team of engineering, business, and product minds with the confidence of being backed by some of the most well respected investors.  Our Metrics team combines data science, statistics, and engineering to provide real-time analytics across our map making pipeline which allows us to better understand and drive key product, technical and business decisions. We're in search of a mid to senior level Data Scientist / Data Engineer who can dig into engineering and operational details to build tools to extract and visualize valuable insights from dynamic and messy data, to join this small team!  In this role you will:  Work with stakeholders to develop key metrics across our pipelines. Validate and track metrics down to the data source and through our pipelines. Manage and create insightful data visualizations and dashboards. Extract valuable insights and provide suggestions across product, operations and engineering to improve our pipelines and product. Build automations and tools to help streamline our metrics and analytics process.  To be successful, you will have:  Experience analyzing large scale data sets. Ability to investigate down to data source to ensure accuracy of data Database querying skills using SQL. Proficiency in Python. Experience using BI tools such as Looker. Programming in Java, and front-end programming experience in Javascript are a plus. An understanding of location based and/or geographic data is a plus. Advanced relevant degree (Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, etc) and/or equivalent relevant industry experience.
Machine Learning Engineer- Deep Learning - RELOCATION OFFERED! Do you have Deep Learning experience? Are you experienced with Neural Networks? Do you have Tensorflow experience?  If you said yes to the above questions, keep reading!   We are a new, well-funded startup in West Hollywood, CA, using Deep Learning to solve longstanding problems in the biology field.   We are looking to bring on a Machine Learning Engineer with Deep Learning experience to our team ASAP!  -WE WILL RELOCATE THE RIGHT CANDIDATE!- What You Need for this PositionMS or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Vision, ML, or related fieldDeep Learning ExperienceNeural Networks (CNN, General Adversarial, or Autoencoders)Tensorflow Plus Skills! (not required) + RNN + Reinforcement Learning + Biology/Medical Related Skill Set So, if you are a Machine Learning Engineer with Deep Learning and Tensorflow experience, please apply today!  Or, send your resume directly to rajeev.peterson@cybercoders.comApplicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.   CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
Summary Posted: Jul 14, 2021 Role Number:200256576 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas quickly become extraordinary user experiences. Would you be excited to take on big challenges that could create a positive impact for billions of people? Are you passionate about building elegant product experiences with a world-class engineering and design team? Do you want to be part of a world class team that is making Siri and Apple products smarter for our users? The AI/ML Information Intelligence teams are building groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence. The features we build are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Our universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages, and Lookup. As part of this group, you will work with one of the most exciting high performance computing environments, with petabytes of data, millions of queries per second, and have an opportunity to imagine and build products that delight our customers every single day. Key Qualifications Strong coding skills in Rust, C++, Go, or other “system” languages. Expertise with functional languages such as Haskell or Scala is a bonus. Strong problem solving skills and ability to write performant and clean code that’s high quality. Quick learner who can pickup new technology stacks and be able to deliver features. Experience with cloud platforms such as AWS, GCP, or Azure is a plus Experience working with other people’s code bases: you aren’t afraid to clone a repo to fix a bug and submit a PR upstream. Experience solving Big Data problems — we have problems that are far too large to fit on a single box, and we need to be able to build tools to solve them. Excellent interpersonal skills; able to work independently as well as in a team; can take feedback and iterate on a solution in a collaborative environment. Experience working on a web crawler is a plus Description We are responsible for maintaining Applebot, Apple’s public web crawler. We design and build infrastructure to support features that empowers billions of users. Our team builds the services that crawls billions of URLs per day. We are responsible for the end to end ownership of our services, from conception, to design, to implementation, to deployment, to operations. As a result, each one of us takes our responsibilities seriously, while having a lot of fun building the best services at scale we can. Education & Experience BS or MS in Computer Science or related field.
This isn’t just insurance. It’s NJM. When you join the NJM family, you’ll work with talented people who care about doing the right thing by our policyholders as well as each other. You’ll be part of a financially strong and stable company that has flourished on relationships, integrity, and service for more than a century. NJM is a special place where you can propel your career, help others, and make friends – all at the same time.NJM is proud to offer our employees continuous learning options, outstanding benefits, access to wellness programs, and a wide range of opportunities to give back to the communities we are privileged to serve.Our strategic plan for regional expansion is underway. Thanks to both customer and employee dedication, NJM was recently ranked #1 in the nation for auto claims satisfaction by J.D. Power for the third year in a row. We were also voted as one of the best places to work in NJ - as noted by Forbes.Come join us! It’s time for you to make a difference alongside our remarkable team. What is it like to work at NJM? Click here to see!General Summary: The Data Scientist will measure channel/campaign performance, develop deep insights to drive performance, and design sophisticated testing and implementation plans. This position undertakes detailed quantitative analyses and performs analysis, data modeling, as well as designing data management and reporting solutions. The Data Scientist will help solve complex problems and take a new perspective on existing and potential future solutions to help grow brand awareness and drive higher consideration. This position provides on-going analytical support utilizing data management, technology, and modeling to address issues regarding advertising, media, pricing sensitivity and new products.Essential Duties & Requirements: Develop modeling and simulations/forecasts applied to marketing mix optimization, campaign segmentation and campaign pricing optimization as well as customer lifetime value (CLTV) analyses to support growth initiatives.CLTV in concert with actuarial team to support growth.Analyze data and generate graphics and insights for use in presentations.Build forecasts and budgets based on historical data as part of the planning process.Provide on-going analytical support utilizing data management, technology, and modeling (such as Market Mix Modeling) to address issues regarding advertising and media.Manage the retrieving, compiling, and formatting of large volumes of data.Utilize syndicated research tools to retrieve and analyze various types of data.Support and collaborate with Actuarial, Underwriting, Finance and other departments with methodology development and testing.Act as primary day-to-day contact on marketing insights and analytics.Manage project timelines and deliverable schedules.Lead and coach analyst(s) on projects to ensure excellence and professional development.Support Personal Lines & Commercial Lines growth and sales goals.Keep pace with P&C and marketing industry trends and developments.Represent the marketing department at various work groups meetings.Required Education, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: BS from a 4-year accredited college/university in a quantitative field (mathematics, finance, statistics etc.).5+ years relevant work experience.Experience with marketing mix models and marketing-based data sets and large analytics projects within the Marketing Department.Highly adept in generalized linear model (GLM in R).Comprehensive understanding of metrics: Media (e.g. buying models – Cost Per View & Gross Rating Points), Measurement analytics and Quantitative business measures (Lifetime Value, CPM, Cost Per Acquisition, ROI, etc.).Knowledge of media industry research tools including Kantar, Competiscan, Nielsen, etc.Strategic thinker - Demonstrated critical thinking and problem-solving abilities.Knowledge of visual techniques for data analysis and presentation (Power BI, Tableau, etc.).Creative thinker who enjoys working in a fast-paced environment.Strong verbal and written communication skills.Strong attention to detail.Enthusiastic collaborator with a positive attitude.Excellent analytical, organizational, project management and time management skills.Ability to meet deadlines and manage multiple tasks.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee discountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Master's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Here at Guild, our passion is growing economic mobility for working adults. Are you interested in using analytics and decision science to improve the educational and career outcomes of tens of thousands of working adults? We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our team to help drive important outcomes for our students using data science solutions and other analytical techniques. You'll work closely with our product, marketing, and student operations teams to optimize how each of these teams supports our students and help drive decisions across the business.As a Data Scientist you will:Serve as the primary analytics partner for teams across the organization including Marketing, and Product, to help teams make the best data-informed decisions by deeply understanding trends, advising on standard methodologies for collecting data, and building data science.Identify, validate, and make use of structured and unstructured data from disparate data sources in order to perform analyses sought at highlighting trends and opportunities.Use data and outcomes to make recommendations that drive impacts to our students, communicating proposals to partners through effective data storytelling, and supporting the implementation and measurement of changes.Define and supervise adherence to standard methodologies to ensure data is gained in a way that it can be used to help make impactful decisions, working closely with other data teams to handle Guild's data assets.Serve as a cross-functional consultant on strategic and operating business questions by translating business needs into analyses. This could include uncovering a problem, identifying data sources to quantify the problem, synthesizing findings and solutions, and analyzing the business case and tradeoffs.The ideal candidate will have: You are a strong fit for this role if you have:Shown experience in data science, analytics, or a related technical role in a fast-paced business or start-up environmentStrong technical and analytical skills, with high attention to detail and accuracy.Familiar with data science solutions, and how these apply to business problems (i.e. supervised/unsupervised learning, NLP, collaborative filtering, etc.)Experience translating ambiguous business questions into relevant analytical problems or data requirements, and working cross-functionally with business partners to seek problems, achieve goals, and generate maximum impact.Analytical, intellectually curious, excellent problem-solver who is comfortable working with messy data and translating it into strategic recommendations.Excellent teammate attitude, with strong interpersonal and influencing skillsPassion for our mission â€“ Guild is groundbreaking a new path for education as a benefit in a complicated and regulated space â€“ success means quickly and effectively adapting your expertisePreferred Proficiencies: Analytics and reporting experience related to customer-facing teams in a B2B sales or CRM environment.Exposure to analytics related to digital marketing and/or product development/optimizationHighly skilled in a scripting language like Python or R.Something else? Wonderful, we're curious to learn more about you!About Guild: Guild_ is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the _largest employers in the country_ to offer _education as a benefit_ to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion._Guild is a_ female-led, Certified B Corporation_ - and with a valuation of $3.8 billion_ is one of the highest-valued, privately held education companies in the world, and the only one led by a woman. Guild's investors include Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners, chairman and former CEO of American Express, Emerson, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq._Guild Education is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let your recruiter know. Additionally, we feel passionately about equal pay for equal work, and transparency in compensation is one vehicle to achieve that. Total compensation for this role is market driven, including a base salary range of $110,000-$132,500, as well as company stock options.Job Type: Full-time
Since the beginning, TechTarget’s problem-solving content has risen to the top of enterprise tech buyers’ Google searches. Today it spans more than 10,000 specific topics. Our readers’ content consumption patterns provide the raw material for unique insights into their business needs. And because they find value in what we publish, they give us permission to share the data with our vendor clients. Through two decades of optimization, we’ve learned how to grow buyer interest and influence purchase decisions. We’ve got fingers on the pulse of over 200 target markets and since we have first-hand knowledge about tech marketing and sales, we can provide the best available guidance for practitioners around the globe. TechTarget is seeking a Data Analyst to join its Data Analytics team. The person coming into this role will work on both reporting and analytics initiatives. They will build out and maintain reports for the business related to email marketing and branding, web traffic, purchase intent and account based marketing and work to ensure the overall integrity of the data going into the reports. They will also proactively work to identify opportunities to automate and streamline regular requests and report production and collaborate with other Analysts on the team to provide strategic analysis for business stakeholders and assist with data work related to implementation of advanced analytics to optimize business processes. Essential Job Functions: Create dashboards, scorecards, and reports in Tableau and GoodData. Provide standard and custom data analysis to core business stakeholders Work with other members of the team on report automation and the overall data plan to support future reporting needs. Provide new user training and documentation of standard reporting and day-to-day support for the reports the team is responsible for. Develop in-depth knowledge of TechTarget’s products/services Knowledge, skills and abilities required: Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Business Intelligence, or related; 1-2 years’ work experience in analytics and reporting; Demonstrated ability to analyze and communicate findings in non-technical terms; Understanding and experience with SQL and relational databases. Experience in Oracle SQL and PL/SQL a plus. Strong interest in developing skills in the field of business intelligence, machine learning and advanced analytics Innovative, curious, with strong problem solving skills. Ability to quickly grasp technical concepts. Python and data science experience preferred.  Join us: We’re a great company aspiring to even greater heights. It’s a terrific place to get your start and a fantastic company to accelerate your career. If you aspire to be a part of something special and join a team where your contribution can make a measurable difference, please apply and we look forward to reviewing your resume. TechTarget (https://www.techtarget.com/ ) offers generous benefits including Health, Dental, Vision and 401k plans.
Hi,  Please see the below req and send me your updated resume in word document. Please confirm your minimum expected salary, visa status, current location, contact details and availability to start a new project. You can please email the resumes to varma@hermitageinfotech.com or call varma at 908-247-0950 for any questions.  Data scientist / Remote  *Technical/Functional Skills*   1. Experience to code in Python and Jupyter. JSON a plus  2. Expertise with AWS S3, AWS Athena, and AWS Glue  3. Expertise with managing fast moving time series data sets  4. Experience with AWS Lambda  5. Expertise with Sagemaker/Sagemaker Studio  6. Secondary: Ability to build step functions  7. AWS Certified Developer/AWS Machine Learning  8. Also some dashboarding work is a plus  *Experience Required*  Experience in AWS, Machine Learning, IOT  Regards Varma 908-247-0950
The Staffing Assistant is responsible for the day-to-day staffing and scheduling operations in support of the Women's & Children's division. Collects incremental census information and other related information from each clinical unit at predetermined intervals. Uses staffing protocols and decision trees to deploy staff on all shifts for nursing units. Accountable for staffing to grids, under the supervision of the Patient Flow Manager. Maintains all unit schedules accurately in the Laborworkx system, documenting and communicating employee absences to nursing units. Assigns adequate staffing days in accordance with policy. Performs other duties as assigned. License, Certification, Education or Experience: REQUIRED for the position: High School graduate or equivalent. Must be able to multi-task using the phone and computerized scheduling program. Must possess good organizational skills and be able to work well under pressure. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills and computer skills to efficiently and effectively communicate information to all customers. DESIRED for the position: One(1) year experience with staffing/scheduling, Nursing Assistant and/or Health Unit coordinator experience.  IND123
Job Title: Entry Level Language Data AnalystHiring language auditors for English for short term position (between 3-6 months)! Bilingual analysts preferred, but not required in the following languages: RussianGermanFrenchPortugueseSpanishArabicSimplified Chinese (Cantonese)IndonesianJapaneseTurkishItalianHindi (Telugu)Volga Partners is currently hiring for candidates for Data Analyst role! Rate: $15.00/hour [If applicable, Volga Partners follows all state and city's minimum wage requirements in respective city and/or state of applicant.]Job Brief: Data analyst play a vital role in researching information for various entities, tools, and data provided during the on-job training. Candidate should possess good logical and analytical skills to judge the data and give the reasoning.Interprets data and turns it into information which can offer ways to improve a businessTake batches of data, to label and manipulate according to the project requirements with sufficient level of accuracyOwn the quality of all training data and work on proactively identifying issuesWork closely with Data Science and Product team on multiple projects to present data quality metrics & identifying new attributesResponsibilities and Duties: Flexibility to respond and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently highly organized with attention to detail and a commitment to quality Being able to track and analyze.Regularly working on different kinds of tools which include UHRS.Focusing on the task at hand and most importantly should have sharp cognitive skills.Key Skills: Good oral and written communication language skills and cultural awareness of the target locale ability to understand and prioritize tasks. The ideal person should also be fluent in spoken English and also understand how people talk commonly in the workplace, at home and in the street and also have good writing skills.Required Experience and Qualifications: EXPERTISE (Reading, writing and/or speaking) in both English and respective second language.Associate degree/ certification in IT/ Communication/Research in similar fields (Preferred, but not required.)Excellent computer skills, especially typing and written.Attention to detail.Multilingual may be preferred or required.Desire to be proactive and create a positive experience for others.Work Authorization: Must have valid work authorization to work in United States. Background Check: Background checks are mandatory for this position.Currently hiring candidates in the following states: AZ - Arizona FL - Florida MA - Massachusetts MI - Michigan NY - New York OH - Ohio PA - Pennsylvania TX - Texas VA - Virginia and WA - Washington.Please read requirement thoroughly before applying: Must have own device (laptop/device).Must be flexible with training hours for the first few weeks.This is a full time position, must be available to work between 9am-5pm Pacific Standard Time.Experience with UHRS platform is a plus!Job Types: Full-time, TemporaryPay: $15.00 per hourBenefits:Paid time offSchedule:Day shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Do you have UHRS experience? If so, how many years?We are seeking both part time and full time employees. Are you interested in part time or full time positions?Required: Which language are your applying for? Please refer to job posting for language expertise requirement.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes
Data Engineers work with data consumers to create and populate optimal data architectures, structures, and systems to meet CIA’s business needs.  Full time Starting salary: $64,137 - $159,286 Bachelor's or master's degree Opportunities for domestic travel are possible  About the Job  As a Data Engineer for CIA, you will focus on the design, implementation, and operation of data management systems to meet the CIA’s business needs. This includes designing how the data will be stored, consumed, integrated, and managed by different data entities and digital systems. Data Engineers work together with data consumers to determine, create, and populate optimal data architectures, structures, and systems.  Data Engineers must also plan, design, and optimize for data throughput and query performance issues. This requires constantly updating expertise in areas such as platform, network and storage technologies, bandwidth management, data bus implications, and design.  Additionally, you will play a key role in the selection of backend database technologies (SQL, NoSQL, HPC, etc.), their configuration and utilization, and the optimization of the full data pipeline infrastructure to support the actual content, volume, ETL, and periodicity of data to support the intended kinds of queries and analysis to match expected responsiveness.  Domestic and/or foreign travel may be required.  Who You’ll Work With  At the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), we recognize our Nation’s strength comes from the diversity of its people. People from a broad range of backgrounds and viewpoints work at CIA, and our diverse teams are the reason we can keep our country safe.  Read more about diversity and inclusion  What You’ll Get  Our benefits support every aspect of a working professional’s life, including health and wellness, time off, family, finances, and continuing education. Our programs include highly sought-after government health benefits, flexible schedules, sick leave, and childcare. In some cases, we also offer sign-on incentives and cover moving expenses if you relocate.  As a CIA employee, you’ll also get the satisfaction of knowing your work is part of something bigger than yourself. Our work is driven by one mission: to keep our Nation safe. Every day is an opportunity to enhance U.S. national security.  Learn more about working at CIA  Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s or master’s degree in one of the following fields or related studies: Archives/Digitization Management Computer/Data Science Information/Data/Knowledge Management Information Technology Management Information Systems Mathematics Engineering At least a 3.0 GPA on a 4-point scale  Knowledge of the following: Data manipulation Databases Data structures Data management Best engineering practices Ability to meet the minimum requirements for joining CIA, including U.S. citizenship and a background investigation Desired Qualifications Work experience related to data engineering, information, and data management What You’ll Need to Apply Resume Unofficial transcripts for all degrees Cover letter in which you specify your qualifications for one or more positions. Please address why you want to work in this role and what differentiates you from other applicants.
AVP, Data Science - Reinforcement Learning (RL) expert  Are you interested in working in a dynamic environment that offers opportunities for professional growth and new responsibilities? If so, Deloitte & Touche LLP could be the place for you. At Deloitte, we are creating a world-class Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML) Center of Excellence to enhance Deloitte's existing services and empower our clients to gain exponential value from their data. Our focus is on bringing data, analytics, and technology together with our deep expertise in multiple industries to drive new product development and significant automation/efficiencies. We are seeking to grow our team with brilliant and diverse contributors with technical ability. We are looking for machine learning experts with strong experience in Deep Learning that want to be part of a team that has an opportunity to make a significant impact. Work you'll do You will be responsible for leading and directing a team focused on developing cutting-edge quantitative solutions to our client's most challenging problems. You will not only provide advanced technical leadership, guiding research and applications of quantitative methods, but will also provide direct supervision, mentorship, support, guidance, oversight, and recruitment of your team. This is an exciting role that will stretch your knowledge and curiosity, offering the opportunity to deepen your skills, learn new industries, and work within a global community. As a Reinforcement learning (RL) expert your responsibilities include deploying reinforcement learning techniques across a wide variety of clients and industries as well as:  Play a key technical role for machine learning & deep learning platform components development based on various frameworks and hardware.  The team This is a hands-on position where you will be empowered to be creative, ambitious, and bold; to solve novel problems and have the potential to directly impact the lives of people around the world. We have impressive toolkits and clients with world class data, and we are now looking for talented people to join our team. Qualifications Required:  Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future A degree in Engineering, Statistics, Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, Computational Biology, Computational Chemistry or related quantitative field (Masters or PhD preferred for Senior Manager direct hires) Expert understanding of a programming language such as Python. Experience with at least one Deep Learning framework such as PyTorch or TensorFlow/Keras Demonstrated ability to write high-quality, production-ready code (readable, well-tested, with well-designed APIs) Demonstrated ability to develop novel machine learning methods that go beyond putting together of existing code, and to apply problem-solving skills to complex issues Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work autonomously and collaboratively as part of a team to both teach and learn every day Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning. Preferred: PhD or Master's degree A domain specialization such as Cyber Security, Fraud/Waste/Abuse, or Data Management Proficiency in Linux environment (including shell scripting), experience with database languages (e.g., SQL, No-SQL) and experience with version control practices and tools (Git, Perforce, etc.) Familiarity with cloud computing services (AWS, GCP, or Azure) Experience with large-scale deep learning model training #indeedpush
Serve as a member of BitSight's dynamic Data Science team. The team's primary focus is to understand corporate cybersecurity at Internet scale. Using BitSight's world-class petascale cybersecurity dataset, the team works to develop algorithms and models that measure cybersecurity performance and risk. Members of the Data Science team collaborate closely with BitSight's product and engineering teams to develop new products and customer-facing features. The team also works closely with the marketing team to share results of internal research.  For this position, we are open to hiring candidates at any level - Data Scientist, Senior Data Scientist or Principal Data Scientist.  Objectives & Responsibilities  Research and develop techniques for measuring cybersecurity performance at scale Develop methods for estimating risk due to cybersecurity measures Develop techniques for extracting firmographics from a variety of data sources Visualization and presentation for products and external publications Conduct research and reporting on the security environment and data landscape Conduct research, writing, and presentations in support of marketing activities and customer engagements to promote key findings and capabilities and explain data and ratings concepts Apply data science and machine learning to other challenges within BitSight including but not limited to the modeling of customer data, sales opportunities, company asset discovery, and cybersecurity research tools  Expected Skills  Ownership mentality and entrepreneurial drive, proven ability to work autonomously Strong technical background with expertise in machine learning, statistics, or data-driven social science (e.g., Economics); or data-driven cybersecurity Strong communication and analytical skills including the ability to identify and frame initially vague problems and communicate solutions Experience using Python for data analytics Familiarity with distributed data processing and data storage technologies Basic knowledge of computer networks  Desired Skills  Strong programming skills Bachelor's Degree 2+ years of experience as a Data Scientist Master's Degree 1+ years of experience as a Data Scientist PhD Degree in a relevant field Experience with big data platforms such as Spark or Hadoop Working knowledge of cybersecurity and networking  Education  Ph.D. or Masters in a quantitative field, or equivalent industry experience  Work Location  Boston, MA, Raleigh, NC, or Lisbon, Portugal preferred. Remote candidates with demonstrated ability to work independently may be considered
 1+ years of experience as a Data Engineer or in a similar role Experience with data modeling, data warehousing, and building ETL pipelines Experience in SQL Experience in functional programming languages (Python, Java)  Do you want to build the premium shopping experiences for millions of Amazon customers? Do you want to work on performance challenges for providing the best recommendations in less than 200 milliseconds, given millions of customers and millions of products? Are you interested in working on Machine Learning and data science, believing every customer should not have the same experience? Amazon has a role or you.  As an Amazon.com Data Engineer you will be working in one of the world's largest and most complex data warehouse environments. You should be an expert in the architecture of DW solutions for the Enterprise using multiple technologies (RDBMS, Columnar, Cloud). You should excel in the design, creation, management, and business use of extremely large datasets. You should have excellent business and communication skills to be able to work with business owners to develop and define key business questions, and to build data sets that answer those questions. Above all you should be passionate about working with huge data sets and someone who loves to bring datasets together to answer business questions and drive change.   Industry experience as a Data Engineer or related specialty (e.g., Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist) with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets. Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets Experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources Query performance tuning skills using Unix profiling tools and SQL Experience working with large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects, including using AWS technologies – Redshift, S3, EC2, Data-pipeline and other big data technologies Working knowledge of Linux/UNIX. Excellent communication skills to be able to work with business owners to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions A desire to work in a collaborative, intellectually curious environment. Ability to learn new technologies.  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
Introduction As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.  Your Role and Responsibilities Start dates for this role are January 2022 and later Data scientists are in demand across IBM’s growth areas. If hired, you will be matched to a team based on business demand, location and fit. Join the forward-thinking teams at IBM solving some of the world’s most complex problems – there is no better place to start your career!  What you’ll do as an Entry Level Data Scientist: You will implement and validate predictive models as well as create and maintain statistical models with a focus on big data. You will be exposed to and incorporate a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques such as logistic regression, experimental design, generalized linear models, mixed modeling, CHAID/decision trees, neural networks and ensemble models. You will communicate with internal and external clients to understand business needs and provide analytical solutions. You will use leading edge tools such as COGNOS, Watson Studio and Watson Machine Learning. You’ll work in an agile, collaborative environment, partnering with other scientists, engineers, and database administrators of all backgrounds and disciplines to bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of predicting behaviors. Who You Are: You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, and designing & implementing solutions to complex technical issues. You thrive on teamwork and have excellent verbal and written communication skills. You have strong technical and analytical abilities, a knack for driving impact and growth, and some experience with programming/scripting in a language such as Java or Python. You have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Design Thinking and Agile Development methodologies. For more information on our other Entry Level opportunities, please visit here.  These are office based positions in IBM locations including the following. Opportunities in these locations will vary based on demand & will be deleted as filled:  CA - San Francisco, San Jose CT - Southbury GA - Brookhaven, Sandy Springs MA – Andover, Cambridge, Lowell NY - Armonk, NYC NC - Research Triangle Park TX - Austin, Dallas  Required Technical and Professional Expertise  Understanding of statistical programming in a language such as Python, R or SAS Experience with programming/scripting in Java, Python, etc. Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise  Knowledge of statistical concepts such as regressions, time series, mixed model, Bayesian methods, clustering, etc., to analyze data and provide insights One or more internship or co-op experiences About Business UnitNo matter where you work in IBM, you are making an impact. As an Early Professional with IBM, you will be taking on a key role with one of our industry-leading business units to work on the technology that is solving our most challenging problems and changing the way the world thinks.  Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.  Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.  It's time to define your career.  About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.  Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:   12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.  IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.  Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Safety Data (Signal Detection) Scientists Home-based/remote 12-month assignment/dedicated to one sponsor 3 openings Job Description: Familiarity with qualitative and quantitative signal detection methods Robust and independent medical interpretation of safety data Analyze and interpret data from multiple sources (clinical trials, safety databases, literature, etc). Utilizes medical judgment to determine the impact of the safety issue on the product’s benefit-risk profile Lead authoring of assessment for identified signals Ability to interpret, summarize and present clinical data and other complex information in written and oral presentations to leadership and safety governance Application of thorough understanding of FDA and ICH regulations and guidelines to independently strategize, author and review safety deliverables Quickly and comprehensively learn and understand Company standard operating procedures Assigned products/therapeutic areas Safety profile (labeling, literature, clinical and regulatory issues) Required Sponsor systems and tools
Summary Posted: Jun 9, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200223520 Help us make Siri smarter! We're seeking software engineers and architects to work on improving data workflows for Siri's open domain query understanding. As an expert in developing software to manage large, dynamic data sets, you'll be building platform for data ingestion, cleaning, transformation and evaluation to support a rapidly scaling organization. Key Qualifications Excellent programming skills — e.g. Python, Go, Java Excellent problem-solving and analytic skills Solid computer science and systems foundations; ability to quickly learn new domains Proven system development skills in UNIX-type OS (e.g. Linux, Mac OS) Experience working with large data sets and pipelines, ideally using the Apache software stack (e.g. Spark, HBase) Experience with continuous integration and continuous development solutions (e.g. Jenkins, etc.) Experience with cloud-native deployment (e.g. Kubernetes) Good communication skills and teamwork Passion for building great products Curiosity and desire to learn Description Apple is hiring a data platform engineer for Siri's Knowledge team. You'll be working at the frontier of AI, crunching massive amounts of data for Siri's knowledge base. In a fast-paced, continuously-integrated environment, you'll design and implement robust, scalable systems capable of processing an ever-growing data set while keeping latency low and quality high. You'll work closely with knowledge extraction engineers to integrate new data, and with engineers from across Siri to deliver data for customer-facing services. Your responsibilities will also include developing tools and tests to ensure quality and help diagnose issues. Education & Experience BS or MS in Computer Science or a related field Additional Requirements The following experience is nice to have, but not required: Data modeling Experience working with search engines Machine Learning Natural-language processing
Data Scientist - Defense & Intelligence Onsite Location: Herndon, VA Home Office: Arlington, VA Clearance Required: TS/SCI Elder Research Inc. is a Data Science consulting firm specialized in providing analytic solutions to clients in Commercial and Government industries. Providing analytic solutions to hundreds of companies across numerous industries, our team enjoys a great variety in the type of work they do and exposure to a wide range of techniques and tools  We are trusted advisors to our clients, building lasting relationships and partnering as preferred analytics providers. We use a variety of programming languages and tools to create analytic solutions, often fitting within our clients’ environment and needs. Summary of Position: As a Data Scientist, you will work directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems. You will primarily create and deploy predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods. Essential Functions: Exploration, cleaning, and wrangling to understand available data Meetings and discussions with clients and co-workers to refine understanding of the business problem at hand Trying different predictive modeling approaches to identify the best fit for a given set of business understanding, available data, and project timeline Writing re-usable code in R, Python, Java, Scala, SQL, or other languages, and working to refine it through code review and discussion Applying statistics to understand the significance of different attributes Preparing presentations, writing reports, and working to communicate technical results to clients with varying levels of analytic sophistication Ability to work independently in a collaborative, dynamic, cross-functional environment Travel to and work on-site at clients both local and non-local. Number of days at client site vary depending on project requirements. Job Responsibilities: Defines, develops, and delivers novel AI, mathematical, and statistical models and algorithms to address program needs such as prediction, optimization, and classification Collaborates with Database Engineers to ensure ingested data sets are capable of supporting AI model development by defining and implementing appropriate data labeling Applies machine learning algorithms to large sets of structured and unstructured data (during ingest and at rest) to address program needs such as applications in pattern recognition, target detection and tracking, machine learning and decision systems, and robotic/unmanned systems Develops prototypes for advanced artificial intelligence techniques applied to Multi-INT, big data ingest and analysis using tools such as Python, Spark, Scripting, Jupyter Notebooks, MATLAB, TensorFLow, and AWS SageMaker Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs applications software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions Collaborates with cross-functional teams as needed to integrate solutions into the integration environment Job Specifications/Requirements: An Active Top Secret/SCI security clearance (or higher) with the ability to obtain Polygraph once hired A Bachelor’s degree with 9 years of relevant experience OR a Master’s degree with 7 years of relevant experience OR a PhD with 4 years of relevant experience; An additional 4 years of experience maybe considered in lieu of a degree requirement Experience with Web UI Javascript frameworks, Python, Spark, and/or Jupyter Notebooks Experience with Big Data Analytics and/or Machine Learning Frameworks (i.e. TensorFlow, Apache MXNet, and/or PyTorch, Basic R, scikit-learn) Experience working in an Agile development environment Other duties as assigned. Desired Skills Experience with AWS SageMaker, AWS AI Services AWS Big Data Specialty Certification and/or AWS Machine Learning Specialty Certification About Elder Research, Inc Elder Research is a fast growing consulting firm specializing in predictive analytics. Being in the data mining business over 20 years, we pride ourselves in our ability to find creative, cutting edge solutions to real-world problems. In keeping with our entrepreneurial spirit, we want candidates who are self-motivated with an innate curiosity and strong team work. We work hard to provide the best value to our clients and allow each person to contribute their ideas and put their skills to use immediately. Elder Research believes in continuous learning; each week the entire company attends a “Tech Talk” followed by an office lunch. Elder Research provides a supportive work environment with established parental, bereavement, and PTO policies. By prioritizing a healthy work-life balance - with reasonable hours, solid pay, low travel, and extremely flexible time off - Elder Research enables and encourages its employees to serve others. Elder Research, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
Summary Posted: Jun 25, 2021 Role Number:200169249 *** This role is also available in Pittsburgh, PA, Boston, MA and Cupertino, CA (in addition to Seattle, WA) *** We are looking for outstanding researchers to work on ambitious artificial intelligence projects that will advance the field and shape intelligence in future Apple products. As a team, we are working to define and solve the hardest problems in machine learning, computer vision, NLP, and speech recognition. Our roots are in research, which means at our core, we value learning, intellectual curiosity, and exploration. Key Qualifications In-depth expertise in machine learning research Domain expertise in one or more of computer vision, audio processing, NLP, optimization, or computer graphics fields. Strong mathematical background in linear algebra and statistics. Publication record in relevant venues (e.g. NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, SIGGRAPH). Proficient in Python and C/C++. CUDA or other GPGPU is a plus. Expertise in working with at least one deep learning framework, for example, PyTorch, TensorFlow Strong interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate in a diverse environment Description As a Machine Learning Researcher on this team, you will: - Work on some of the most ambitious technical problems on data and compute efficient machine learning - Research novel AI solutions that will impact future Apple products - Collaborate with world-class machine learning researchers and engineers to bring research ideas to production - Publish and present your work in world-class scientific venues in machine learning field - Provide technical mentorship and guidance Education & Experience PhD in Computer Science or a related field
Feedzai is the market leader in managing financial risk with AI. We're coding the future of commerce with today's most advanced risk management platform powered by big data and machine learning. Founded and developed by data scientists and aerospace engineers, Feedzai has one mission: to make banking and commerce safe. The world's largest banks, processors, and retailers use Feedzai's fraud prevention and anti-money laundering products to manage risk, while improving customer Experience.  The Customer Success team ensures our global customers achieve their business goals using our product. Everything you do matters: all your code, machine learning models, advisory, management, and other actions/roles will have a material impact on the way our clients run their business and how effectively we fight fraud and protect people from wrongdoing. You will be able to interact and meet many people from widely different cultures around the world and understand the business like few others. You will be able to say you protect people on a daily basis. You will be challenged with new technology, new processes, and new mindsets and will be asked to contribute to ensure continuous improvement.  Come and change the world with us.  Responsibilities:  Understanding the data which our clients provide to us; Cleaning that data and validating that it is correct; Preprocessing the data, usually by using a mixture of shell scripts and a programming language such as Python, Java, Scala, etc Iteratively computing features and tuning parameters to improve the quality of the model; Communicating your findings to the project manager and assisting him/her in decision making on the Data Science part of the project; Work together with key stakeholders (data scientists, engineers, risk managers) from our clients; Work with other parts of the organization (Product, Research, etc.) to improve processes, best practices and tooling.   Requirements:  MSc or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or related field; Proficient in Machine Learning (training and testing, avoiding overfit, etc.); Knowledge of Big Data technologies such as Spark, Hadoop and related; Proficiency in bash, Python and either Java or Scala; Knowledge of resource monitoring and runtime optimization (both at JVM and OS level); Knowledge of statistics or data visualization is a plus; Knowledge of tree based algorithms (Random Forests, XGBoost, LGBM) is a plus; Knowledge of Deep Learning algorithms is a plus; Ability to communicate your findings in a clear way.   Feedzai is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Feedzai does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies.  #LI-IP1
NLP Data Scientist Virtual Req #1152  Monday, June 28, 2021 NLP Data Scientist  EXL (NASDAQ: EXLS) is a leading analytics and business process solutions company that looks deeper into the data to drive business impact through integrated services and industry knowledge. EXL provides operations management, decision analytics and technology platforms to organizations in insurance, healthcare, banking and financial services, utilities, travel, transportation, and logistics. We work as a strategic partner to help our clients streamline business operations, improve corporate finance, manage compliance, create new channels for growth and better adapt to change. EXL Analytics has launched an innovations lab which will pioneer state-of-the-art analytics products utilizing cutting edge technologies. Headquartered in New York and in business since 1999, EXL has more than 28,000 professionals in locations throughout the U.S., Europe and Asia.  Please visit www.exlservice.com for more information about EXL Analytics.  Job Summary: EXL Digital is developing digital solutions for some of the most exciting business problems leveraging AI, NLP, Computer Vision and Speech. At the backend of our solutions, we have pretty challenging and interesting problems waiting to be laid hand by awesome developers. With contemporary AI solutions and big data, there is a need to developing data intensive applications. We are trying to build end to end AI solutions and NLP model development is an integral part of the journey. We are looking for people who can lead the way design, develop and deploy these state of the art NLP/ ML models.  Who are we looking for?  EXL is seeking a highly talented, creative, and passionate full stack developer who loves working in a collaborative environment and wants to solve real-world problems with large market potential. We are a small team looking for someone who is passionate about building a platform that delivers world class analytics solutions. This person should be comfortable transitioning between tasks quickly, solving problems and growing with the team. Also, they will have the opportunity to make a big impact on our growing platform. The individual should possess the following technical background:   Design, develop and implement solutions for a wide range of NLP use cases involving classification, extraction and search on unstructured text data  Create and maintain state of the art scalable NLP solutions in Python/ Java/ .Net for multiple business problems. This involves: o Choosing the most appropriate NLP technique based on business needs and available data o Performing data exploration and preprocessing o Training and tuning a variety of NLP models / solutions which include regular expressions, traditional NLP as well as deep learning models o Augmenting the models by integrating with domain specific ontologies or external databases o Monitoring the solution outcome  Working experience with document-oriented databases such as MongoDB  Collaborate with ML engineering team to deploy NLP solutions in production - both on premise as well as cloud deployment  Interact with clients and internal business teams to perform solution feasibility as well as design and develop solutions  Working knowledge of at least 1 or 2 of the following domains – Insurance, Healthcare and Financial Services  What we offer:  EXL Analytics offers an exciting, fast paced and innovative environment, which brings together a group of sharp and entrepreneurial professionals who are eager to influence business decisions. From your very first day, you get an opportunity to work closely with highly experienced, world class analytics consultants. You can expect to learn many aspects of businesses that our clients engage in. You will also learn effective teamwork and time-management skills - key aspects for personal and professional growth  We provide guidance/ coaching to every employee through our mentoring program wherein every junior level employee is assigned a senior level professional as advisors.  Sky is the limit for our team members. The unique experiences gathered at EXL Analytics sets the stage for further growth and development in our company and beyond.  Other details Pay Type Salary
Monumental Sports & Entertainment (MSE), located in Washington, D.C., is one of the largest integrated sports and entertainment companies in the country with one of the most diverse partnership groups in all of sports. MSE owns and operates five professional sports teams: the 2019 WNBA Champion Washington Mystics, the 2018 NHL Stanley Cup Champion Washington Capitals, NBA's Washington Wizards, NBA G League’s Capital City Go-Go, and 2020 NBA 2K League’s Champion Wizards District Gaming. The company is also co-owner of aXiomatic, which has controlling interest in global esports franchise Team Liquid, and owns and operates Capital One Arena (COA) in Washington, D.C. MSE also manages MedStar Capitals Iceplex, the state-of-the-art training facility for the Capitals and EagleBank Arena on George Mason University's campus. In conjunction with the District of Columbia and Events DC, MSE is a partner in a new sports and entertainment facility in Southeast DC on the St. Elizabeth’s East campus that opened in September 2018. Facility highlights include MedStar Wizards Performance Center, the brand-new training facility for the Wizards, Go-Go and Mystics, and a 4,200-seat arena which serves as the new home of the Mystics and Go-Go. MSE recently opened the first ever in-arena sports book with William Hill at COA and also co-owns and operates Monumental Sports Network (MSN) with the NBC Sports Group. MSN is the mid-Atlantic region’s top destination for exclusive fan experiences and original sports content across desktop, tablet, mobile and OTT streaming devices. Visit www.monumentalsports.com. MSE proudly promotes its core values for all those that interact with the company. As a member of our team: You will provide first-class customer service and value for our fans. You will champion a double-bottom line that engages, unifies and gives back to the community we serve. You will work tirelessly to build generationally exceptional teams that compete for championships year after year and create lifelong memories for our fans. You will measure performance with specific objectives and metrics and our analysis and decisions are compelled by data. You will prize leadership, but you should value teamwork and collaboration and transparency even more. We treat each other with respect. We act with honesty and integrity. We remain humble. You will innovate. We are nimble and first to market. We are not averse to risk. You will have fun. We are in the business of happiness.   Position Overview: The Associate, Monumental Basketball - Strategy & Analytics position will support the work of numerous departments in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, with a focus of supporting the Strategy and Analytics department. This person will be an active contributor the day-to-day operations of the Strategy and Analytics team and will exercise strong analytical and critical thinking skills to tackle complex basketball strategy problems by communicating your findings.  Do you have knowledge and understanding of basketball analytics and strategy and are looking to build your career in sports? We would love to hear from you!  Responsibilities: Design, build and improve basketball analytics data reports for the Wizards and Go-Go front office staffs to enhance basketball decision making at all levels. Initiate research projects and handle database updates throughout the season. Implement film-based data tracking for amateur and professional scouting Manage and maintain the salary cap data books and other salary cap/CBA-related projects. Design and execute systems to track department processes, projects, meetings, and activities. Support the Strategy and Analytics team on strategy planning, salary cap management, and draft/free agency/trade preparation. Support game day responsibilities, including pre-game setup, in-game statistical charting and post-game analysis reporting. Work collaboratively with the Monumental Basketball operations groups on projects as needed. Direct and support fellow Monumental Basketball Associates on projects throughout the year. Other duties as assigned.   Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree. Basic knowledge of Strategy and Analytics within a basketball context. Good analytical skills, prior experience in modeling, analyzing, and communicating data is helpful. Programming experience preferred (data science related languages e.g. Python, R, SQL). Excellent verbal and written communication skills; strong time management and organizational skills. High integrity; dependable and comfortable working with confidential information. Strong work ethic, detail driven, creative, positive demeanor, and eagerness to learn. Strong people skills and enjoys collaborating with a team as part of something bigger than yourself. Strong Microsoft Office Skills (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook). Flexibility to work evenings, weekends, and holidays as needed. This position is a full-time non-exempt one-year entry level associate program to support the Washington Wizards and Monumental Basketball.   We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Travel Required: None Requisition Type: Regular GDIT is under contract to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) to design, develop, engineer, implement, enhance, maintain statistical algorithms to detect and prevent potential fraud, waste or abuse in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The contract is part of the Fraud Prevention System Modeling and Analytics contract. We are currently seeking a Data Scientist Associa to join our team. Responsibilities: Extract qualitative and quantitative relationships (i.e., patterns, trends) from large amounts of data using SAS, R, Python, Databricks or other statistical or data mining tools Develop machine learning or advanced analytic algorithms and data visualization of complex data to detect aberrancies and potential vulnerabilities Gather and organize information for use in supporting decision-making process Collect, manipulate, analyze, evaluate, and display data using visualization tools Implement open-ended data merges, data analysis plans, and perform complex data manipulation and reporting tasks Develop, write, and present detailed technical solutions to solve open-ended business problems to technical and non-technical audiences REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS BA in related field or equivalent combination of education and experience Experience conducting data mining and modeling analysis using Python, R or similar software Superior skills using SQL for data manipulation purposes Superior customer service skills working proactively and collaboratively with Federal research, compliance, and policy staff and stakeholders to implement and enhance internal and external management reports and public-facing data analysis tools and data sets Experience using statistical algorithms, techniques and models and experience with assessing data integrity Experience using multiple data mining tools such as SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, Python, etc ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Experience with Medicare and/or Medicaid data Experience with fraud detection Experience using data visualization tools such as Tableau or PowerBI Experience conducting health care related research and analytics Experience developing and presenting solutions to complex, open-ended problems Experience proactively identifying and working collaboratively with stakeholders to resolve data anomalies, data quality, and compliance issues in administrative data Superior customer service skills working proactively and collaboratively with Federal research, compliance, and policy staff and stakeholders to implement and enhance internal and external management reports and public-facing data analysis tools and data sets Experience matching and merging disparate data sets Superior multi-tasking and organization skills. Must manage multiple simultaneous projects and prioritize assignments and tasks accordingly, remaining flexible to changing priorities and new initiatives Experience using MS Excel and PowerPoint for analysis and presentation of results We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.  GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
Manage data collection protocol design and oversight, test item development, test bank management, and advanced data analytic support, to include the following:Troubleshoot and continually evaluate functionality and design of adaptive test engines and test library usage/exposure over time using GOTS and COTS software systems.Evaluate and maintain data on test library content coverage for 4,000 cognitive and non-cognitive items measuring 5 different aptitudes in 3-10 content areas each, as well as 11 non-cognitive trait facet categories.Develop scales and test forms to capture traits, facets, or aptitudes related to effective job performance. Scale and form development typically involve simultaneous design of numerous measures to be used for adaptive test library expansion, requiring focus on psychometric equivalence, content redundancy, establishment of linking items, and grammatical and stylistic quality.Perform data management and cleaning for transfer of trait and aptitude measures data into formats and datasets amenable to analysis using item response theory and factor analysis. Perform parameter estimation and scale linkage analyses across forms to ensure comparability of scores generated using different forms targeting the same construct.Oversee data collection protocol requirements for delivery of up to 30 different test forms to participant samples ranging in size from 10-300 people, to include maintenance of materials requirements and test form requirements by participant.Document summaries for analyses of test bank development work, scale validation, scale bias estimation, and data-model fit for customized measurement scales.Develop psychological test questions in a military aviation environmentProvide effective communication and customer service skillsAnalyze and document information and testing resultsApply and deploy testing instruments in a web based applicationAnalyze test questions for accuracy and feasibilityDisplay extensive experience using BILOG-MG3& SPSS statistical softwareRequirementsQualifications required:DoD SECRET CLEARANCE Required/DesiredBachelor’s degree Required.Degree in Psychology related field or 2 years’ specialized experience.CAP/CCNA - DesiredSummaryUniversal Consulting Services, Inc. (UCS) is a rapidly growing Government contractor known for our expertise in health and IT solutions. Our driven, passionate professionals are catalysts for improving performance across all levels of Government. We have been recognized as one of Washington Technology’s FAST 50 for our tremendous success as a woman-owned business, in addition to inclusion on Inc. Magazine’s 5000 list of the fastest-growing companies in America. Our clients include, but are not limited to, the Department of Defense, Department of Justice, and Department of Treasury.UCS offers a generous benefits package including:· 401(k) with match· Vacation, 7 paid sick days and 10 paid holidays· UCS paid Life Insurance, Short-term and Long-term Disability· Medical, dental and vision· Voluntary Life for employee, spouse and children· Critical Illness Insurance, Hospital Protection Plan, Accident InsuranceUCS is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.www.ucs-inc.comJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Data modeling: 1 year (Preferred)Data science: 1 year (Preferred)Data management: 1 year (Preferred)Data collection: 1 year (Preferred)scale validation: 1 year (Preferred)military aviation: 1 year (Preferred)psychological test questions: 1 year (Preferred)web based applications: 1 year (Preferred)analyze test questions: 1 year (Preferred)Statistical software: 1 year (Preferred)BILOG-MG3&SPSS: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:CCNA (Preferred)Certified Authorization Professional (Preferred)Security clearance:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
EF Ultimate Break inspires young adults to participate in life-changing travel experiences across the globe. EF Ultimate Break is a division of EF Education First and is the easiest way to travel abroad for anyone 18-29 years old. Every trip gives travelers the chance to make friends, explore new places, and immerse themselves in different cultures – on fun, affordable, life-changing adventures. This position sits within our Data Analytics department on the Ultimate Break team and will be responsible for actioning our collected data to help the business see, understand, and predict user behavior and market trends. You will use your analytical skills to proactively identify areas of opportunity and propose improvements. We are seeking a talented individual who is excited to learn and contribute to the data analytics team! You should be an energetic, curious, and collaborative person who is interested in proactively driving results through data and is excited about working in a fast-paced e-commerce environment. Your work will be across a variety of data functions: reporting, engineering, business intelligence and data science with opportunities to hone your technical skills and learn valuable business acumen. What you’ll do: Work hands-on with our data, building visualizations and self-service reports from both structured and unstructured datasets Integrate data from our website, social and paid media platforms, internal applications, CRM system, A/B tests, and market surveys to derive key performance indictors and insights Support internal stakeholders from marketing, advertising, sales, customer service, finance, operations, and technology by fully leveraging our data to answer immediate questions related to our business Participate in code reviews and model development discussions Who you are: Strong command of modern data visualization tools; bonus for experience with Tableau Proficient working in SQL databases building stored procedures, views and/or CTE’s to prep data for analysis; bonus points for experience doing similar operations in Snowflake Understanding of basic statistics, predictive modeling and analysis with Python or R Good verbal and written communicator with comfort presenting to cross-functional stakeholders 1-2 years relevant job experience working in an analytics or engineering capacity Bachelor’s or master’s degree preferred; bonus points for a background in math, computer science, engineering or experience working in a similar field Let’s talk about the Perks:  We believe that happy people do great work. What makes us happy? Things like: The opportunity to travel internationally Discounts on travel Three weeks paid vacation for your first year and then four weeks after your first year Free language classes, taught in-house Access to a brand-new fitness center and rock-climbing wall on the EF campus A restaurant and bar located in 2 of our EF campus buildings Market-leading benefits package including top of the line health coverage, 401k with company match, tuition reimbursement, and more About EF Education First At EF we believe that the world is better when people try to understand one another. Since 1965, we have helped millions of people see new places, experience new cultures, and learn new things about the world and about themselves. Our culturally immersive education programs—focused on language, travel, cultural exchange, and academics—turn dreams into international opportunities. When you join EF, you join a multicultural and diverse community working across more than 600 schools and offices in 50 countries, all with one shared mission of opening the world through education. Whoever you are, whatever you are passionate about—we welcome you and want you to bring that to work every day. EF is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to inclusion and belonging across race, ethnicity, gender, age, religion, identity, parental status, experience and everything else that makes you unique. Founded in Sweden in 1965, EF has school and offices around the world, including hubs in Boston, London, Mexico City, São Paulo, Shanghai, Stockholm, Zürich, and more. Learn more at https://ef.com .
THE COMPANY This pharmaceutical startup is redefining drug discovery using cutting edge tools. As a member of the machine learning team, you will utilize your experience in applying CNNs, GNNs, and the newest techniques in deep learning and Python to drive research and development in chemistry. THE ROLE Responsibilities will include: Using deep learning approaches like convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and graph neural networks (GNNs) applied to small molecule data, protein data, and chemistry data Collaborating with scientists and engineers to advance the drug discovery pipeline Using graph neural nets and graph-based approaches in deep learning YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Your skills include: Academic or industry understanding of chemistry Degree in Computational Chemistry, Computer Science, Cheminformatics, or related Experience developing structure-based or target-based drug design methods Experience using Python, Pytorch, Tensorflow, Keras, and related tools Start-up experience is a plus THE BENEFITS Base salary range of $160,000 - $190,000 Comprehensive healthcare, vision, and dental Fully remote, internal growth opportunities, and more!
Data Scientist  We are looking for people who share our core values of heroism, audacity, curiosity, and excellence to join our team. We are a tight-knit group of engineers, analysts, and business professionals who have organically built a company that monitors more than 8% of the Internets public IP space and 40 trillion business communications per year. We've had a huge impact on the Fortune-50 and Government sectors over the past year, so we're looking to grow rapidly while maintaining our culture and diversity.  As a cyber resilience company, we solve security, continuity, regulatory, and efficiency problems for our customers. Youll help protect the jobs and security of millions of people while working on and advancing novel techniques in computer science. Youll be connected to everything thats happening; every developer on the team is responsible for our products quality, everyone ships production code, and everyone directly supports the mission.  As a Data Scientist at Redjack, youll be responsible for developing machine learning and data classification approaches to automate the understanding and protection of the worlds largest digital enterprises. Your data science skills will be translated into opportunities for customers through the use of algorithmic, statistical, machine learning, and visualization techniques. You will demonstrate initiative and creativity by proposing ways to address problems often with large or incomplete data sets and validate findings using an experimental and iterative approach.  Your job  Your job will be to analyze big data. Identify business trends and problems through complex streaming and big data analysis. Interpret results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from data aggregation and normalization via statistical analysis to complex custom software approaches. Design, develop and implement novel detectors and classifiers of critical systems and activity through machine learning and other modern approaches. What you should have accomplished  Well assess your skills and ensure your impact will scale with your ability. What were looking for to start:  Bachelors degree, Masters degree, or Ph.D. in mathematics, statistics, engineering, or computer science. Knowledge of modern data science and machine learning approaches, big data analytics, and software development skills. Knowledge and ability to explain both the code and the underlying statistical or analysis approaches used by modern data science algorithms/models. Cross-functional collaboration skills. Analytical and problem-solving skills. Effective communication skills, critical thinking, and strategic thinking skills above and beyond the technical knowledge and implementation experience. PM20 PI142297368
Organization and Job ID Job ID: 312474 Directorate: National Security Division: Computing and Analytics Group: Visual Analytics Job Description Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is looking for an data scientist with experience in exploratory data analysis and visualization. For more than 50 years, PNNL has been advancing the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment, and national security. PNNL’s Computing and Analytics Division, part of the National Security Directorate, is committed to advancing the state of the art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors’ missions. Data science at PNNL addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the findings to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to artificial intelligence assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields. This position requires interactions with government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques. Key Responsibilities Applies basic S&E theories to well defined tasks with minimal oversight.  Working locally as an individual contributor. Building and maintaining effective internal relationships on individual or team level.  Demonstrate outstanding verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work in a collaborative environment  Receives instruction on required tasks and reports results on time and on budget, while working under guidance from experienced staff.  Embrace engineering excellence and delivering quality results at scale  Employ expertise with a programming language, such as Python or Java  Apply good design and innovative problem-solving skills to solve challenging technical problems  Initiate personal direction and goals  Stay current about industry developments  Passionate and self-motivated with good time management skills  Ability to work with different technologies  The Ideal Candidate The desired candidate is a data science practitioner who selects and widely applies principles, theories and concepts from data science and machine learning to gain insight across a variety of application domains.  In-depth knowledge in areas such as feature engineering, text analysis, network analysis & visualization, data science, machine learning, reinforcement learning, and optimization  Familiarity with data science & analytics packages such as Pandas, scipy, etc.  Familiarity with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e., sklearn)  The desired candidate is a visualization practitioner with experience applying standard visualizations and creating novel visualizations for data analytics.  Experience with packages for creating visualizations for the data science workflow, e.g. Matplotlib, Seaborn, Plotly Dash, etc.  Experience with human-computer interaction research and user experience design and evaluation methodologies (e.g, design of experiments, empirical studies, qualitative studies, statistical analysis).  Gaining experience in web-based front-end and visualization frameworks, i.e. JavaScript, React.js, D3.js  Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, social computing, computer vision, etc.  Demonstrated ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g. ACM IUI, ACM CHI, IEEE VIS)  1+ years in machine learning or applied science/research in academia or industry  1+ years recommendation, machine learning, computer vision, natural language processing experience, and results in academy or industry  1+ years of experience with general purpose programming language (C, C++, C#, Java, Python, etc.)  Minimum Qualifications BS/BA with 0-1 years of experience  MS/MA with 0 years of experience  Preferred Qualifications Master’s degree in computer science, engineering, applied mathematics, or related field  Able to obtain and maintain a Federal Q Clearance  Equal Employment Opportunity Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via https://jobs.pnnl.gov/help.stm Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from having any affiliation with the foreign government of a country DOE has identified as a “country of risk” without explicit approval by DOE and Battelle. If you are offered a position at PNNL and currently have any affiliation with the government of one of these countries you will be required to disclose this information and recuse yourself of that affiliation or receive approval from DOE and Battelle prior to your first day of employment. Other Information About Us PNNL is a world-class research institution powered by a highly educated, diverse workforce committed to collaboration and work-life balance. Dynamic, adaptable people come to PNNL to work with other like-minded individuals on high-impact projects and initiatives for the U.S. Department of Energy and many other sponsors. They focus on meaningful work, innovation, and outcomes. At PNNL, you’ll find a positive, fast-paced environment and excellent benefits, including pension, matching 401(k), tuition reimbursement plans, health insurance, flexible work schedules, and hybrid workplace (telework) options. Other Information This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance. Requirements: U.S. Citizenship  Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.  Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).  Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated. Directorate: National Security Job Category: Scientists/Scientific Support Group: Visual Analytics Opening Date: 2021-08-06 Closing Date: 2021-11-04
Dallas Fort Worth Data Science Expert Jobs  The new school year is almost here. With summer learning loss being a bigger problem than ever before, the Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Data Science experts nationally and in Dallas Fort Worth. As an expert who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money and choose your own schedule while making a fundamental difference in the lives of your students.  Why join our platform?  Enjoy competitive rates and get paid up to 2x per week. Teach as much or as little as you want. Share your knowledge with large groups of students. Instruct online (i.e. “work remotely”) and set your own hours and schedule. We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.  What we look for in a expert:  li>You have excellent communication skills and a friendly, approachable personality. You can show subject-matter expertise in Data Science. You have excellent presentation skills and are comfortable interacting with groups.  Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:  1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience. Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience. VT+ Classes: teach groups of 25-30 students anything from math fundamentals to video game design. Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time. School@Home: provide support for homeschooling parents with 1-on-1 Online Tutoring and Small Group Classes. Instant Tutoring: accept subject specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.  About Varsity Tutors and Large Group Instruction  Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. Through large group instruction, experts are able to share their knowledge with hundreds of students at a time and facilitate interaction amongst the students. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right experts can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.
New York University: NYU - NY: Tandon School of Engineering Location Brooklyn, NY Open Date Mar 24, 2021 Description The Cybersecurity for Democracy Project at NYU Tandon School of Engineering is seeking to hire a Research Analyst to join an exciting NSF-funded project to better understand and mitigate misinformation in digital political content. New York University (NYU) is one of the top private universities in the United States, and the Tandon School of Engineering, located in Brooklyn, has the distinct history of having been known previously as Brooklyn Poly and the NYU Polytechnic School of Engineering.  The research analyst will work with our misinformation research partners to understand how content experts use our tools to screen online content for misinformation and guide the engineering team to build tools to meet those users&#39; needs. The research analyst will help the research team to develop a Spanish language analysis pipeline. They will do this by monitoring US Spanish language political and cultural public discourse and working with the data science team to develop Spanish language topic models. They will help coordinate research between the engineering team and our research partners at other institutions. Tandon faculty and students are at the forefront of the high-tech start-up culture in New York City and have access to NYU’s Global Network University. The NYU Tandon School of Engineering is deeply committed to excellence in teaching and learning. Tandon fosters student and faculty innovation and entrepreneurship that make a difference in the world.  Qualifications Candidates must be fluent in Spanish and be familiar with the different Spanish speaking communities in the United States.  Candidates must have very strong communication and organizational skills. Candidates must have a Bachelor’s Degree or higher in a liberal arts, social science, or cultural studies field, or similar relevant professional experience. Optionally, candidate experience with non-profit or civil society organizations is preferred, but not required. Application Instructions Applicants should submit a cover letter, a current CV and a list of three references with complete contact information. All application materials should be submitted electronically via Interfolio. Review of applications will begin as soon as possible and will continue until the position is filled.
In order to apply for a position at Lumeris, you must create an account using your email address and a password of your choosing. This account will allow you to receive notifications each step of the way through the job application process. With these updates, you’ll never have to wonder where you are in the process. Additionally, we can easily send pertinent documents to you for your review. Once you create the account, you may apply to any position you feel is a good fit without having to re-enter information. Thank you for your interest in Lumeris.Position: Principal Data ScientistPosition Summary: Creates revolutionary healthcare analytics. Acts as a subject matter expert who understands business problems in healthcare delivery and implements complex analytic solutions that provide key insights to guide the care of patients. Utilizes advanced knowledge of healthcare data and collaborates with medical professionals, healthcare consultants, and financial stakeholders to understand the needs. Acts as a catalyst and enables innovation and productivity within the company. Develops unique and impactful solutions and are widely viewed by their peers as a leader in healthcare analytics.Job Description: Primary ResponsibilitiesPartners with product management to understand business needs and identify very complex analytic solutions.Partners with clinical teams to guide and define new features.Partners with Technology to implement advanced analytics.Integrates data into our analytic platform and makes it available to our analytic efforts.Creates and implements complex analytics that have significant impact using artificial intelligence and other techniques.Represents the department throughout the company and with client and prospects describing our work and our results.QualificationsBachelor's degree with quantitative major (e.g. statistics, mathematics, economics, and actuarial science); Graduate degree preferred8+ years of experience in data science; experience within healthcare strongly preferredExcellent skills in programming and analytics using Python; strongly preferred experience with the following tools: SageMaker, AWS, SciKitLearn, Pandas, TensorFlow, Keras, R, SQL, Excel, and TableauDemonstrated ability to develop complex models using algorithms such as random forest, XG Boost, General Linear Models, and Deep LearningHigh-caliber critical thinking, problem solving, process improvement, and project leadership skills including the ability to communicate complicated and technical ideas to any audienceStandout communication and presentation skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to effectively influence and impact results at all levels internally and externally; strong preference for experience communicating to healthcare professionalsDemonstrated collaboration skills and success in working with a multi-disciplinary team to develop new and innovative solutionsWorking knowledge of the healthcare marketplace and of topics such as risk-adjustment, quality measures, healthcare finance, Medicare Advantage, Affordable Care Organizations, and Electronic Health RecordsExcellent leadership skills with the proven ability to guide cross-functional project teamsWorking ConditionsWhile performing the duties of this job, the employee works in normal office working conditions.DisclaimerThe job description describes the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job and is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. The physical activities, demands and working conditions represent those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job duties and responsibilities.Lumeris is an EEO/AA employer M/F/V/D.Location: Research Triangle Park, NCTime Type: Full timeJob Type: Full-time
OUR GOAL: Treat our consultants and clients the way we would like others to treat us!**Interested in joining our team? Check out the opportunity below and apply today!Reference: 657628Our Columbus, Ohio client has a contract need for a Data Scientist who will be responsible for data mining, building predictive models, and driving the construction of data products. Our client's Data Science focus surrounds core retail areas including planning, merchandising, inventory management and supply chain business areas.Responsibilities: This position will work closely with other Data Science team members to collect, model, analyze and provide insight on core data sets.This position will work closely with business partners ensuring solutions meet business objectives and provide high contextual value.Work with data engineers to build mineable datasets, execute data mining activities providing insight from datasets, build accurate predictive models driving decision making, work with business owners to understand context with in datasets, deliver insight to leadership, helping drive strategic business decisions, hypothesize, experiment and drive insight by any means necessary, drive innovation by evaluating business processes and identifying data science solutions.Requirements: Problem formulation, theoretical knowledge of math and statisticsExperience mentoring lots of people / building a program to manage and educate younger analysts in client process and techniquesCommunication skills - answering technical questions confidently and succinctlyConsulting experienceTheoretical knowledge of math and statisticsWillingness to learn and be molded in the client's processAptitude for communicationAptitude for business and industry verticals, business experience, vertical experienceBroad programming backgroundAbility to mentor small groupsKnowledge of predictive modeling techniques such as regression, optimization, clustering, neural networks, etc.Experience data munging, wrangling, and other fun adjectives to create workable datasetsKnowledge of analytical toolsets such as R, Python, SAS, SPSS, Matlab, etc.,Knowledge of SQL for data analysis and troubleshooting, knowledge of delivery processes such as CRISP-DM, Agile and WaterfallExperience working in a matrixed environmentNice to Haves: Experience with retail analytical problems such as market mix modeling, demand modeling, optimization, merchandise planning, forecasting, inventory optimization, and supply chain optimizationKnowledge of NLP, text analytics, social analyticsKnowledge of BI related principles such as ETL, data modeling, and data warehousingExperience with programming languages such as Java, Python, C++, etc. (Java preferred)Experience with ETL tools such as DataStage, Informatica, etc.Experience with OLTP and Analytics databases such as Oracle, Netezza, SQL Server, etc.Experience using Hadoop and related toolsets to analyze Big Data.ABOUT REVEL IT: Revel IT (formerly known as Fast Switch) is one of the fastest-growing, privately held, IT Staffing companies in the nation. Our client base includes 32% of the Fortune 25. We have major offices in Dublin, OH, Phoenix, AZ, Los Angeles, CA, and Austin, TX and are rapidly expanding into new markets from coast to coast.WHY REVEL IT: In addition to standard health and 401k benefits, we offer referral bonuses and training/continuing education opportunities.5-year client retention: 99%No. 1 supplier with customers: 53%Top 3 supplier with customers: 77%Consultant retention: 94%Revel IT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Revel IT does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.#INDLP#gdr4900Job Type: Contract
The Data Engineer at Pieces is responsible for building and scaling the next generation of Pieces data engineering solutions to support our fast-growing artificial intelligence (AI) and analytics business in healthcare and the Pieces Predict products.  More specifically, this role will leverage the state-of-the-art data engineering technologies to develop and evolve the end-to-end Pieces AI engine that delivers machine learning, natural language processing (NLP), and other AI and analytics based solutions in a highly scalable fashion. It involves the development of the following infrastructure and systems: Electronic Health Record (EHR) data integration infrastructure and Pieces operational databases for the downstream AI and analytics tasks AI data engineering infrastructure to efficiently support real-time predictive/NLP model execution and analytics tasks on healthcare big data This role is also responsible for exploratory work, improving and innovating, while focusing on delivering the required applications of relevance to the company goals. Responsibilities: Develop and maintain data ingestion modules based on different types of data feed (e.g. HL7, sequential files, etc) and their associated operational databases Develop, optimize, and maintain enterprise-grade Pieces AI engine (including NLP engine) hosting all the AI and non-AI modules under a data pipeline framework (e.g. Airflow) Develop and maintain container-based, horizontally scalable, and cost-effective distributed computing infrastructure leveraging AWS services (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, Spot instance) Design, develop, and maintain relational databases (e.g. MySQL) and distributed databases (e.g. Elasticsearch) with high availability and horizontal scalability that support both analytics and production pipelines Design and develop the data models (e.g. schema or mapping in the SQL/No-SQL databases) optimized for Pieces Predict production systems in general Perform code review, QA, and other activities to prepare the production deployment Develop and maintain an efficient and reliable deployment process across all clients for both analytical model deployment and functional module deployment Own the monitoring and maintenance tasks for the health of AI production systems (e.g. rapid respond to production issue, root cause analysis, etc) Collaborate with full-stack applied scientists, system architects, software developers, and other engineers (e.g. DevOps, SecOps, etc) to build the end-to-end AI systems Provide technical documentation on development and deployment details Requirements We’re looking for a Data Engineer who’s passionate about using technology to help the most vulnerable. You’re someone who believes the right data can help build better one-to-one relationships with communities in need of extra support. You have expertise in the following areas: Bachelor in Computer Science, Data Science, Informatics, Engineering, or a related field. Master, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Informatics, Engineering or equivalent, preferred. At least 5-year experience in full-stack software engineering Proven experience in Python programming on data engineering projects Proven experience in data workflow or pipeline management platform (e.g. Airflow) Proven experience in data modeling in relational databases (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL, Snowflake, etc) and/or NoSQL databases (e.g. Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Columnar databases, etc) Proven experience in developing container-based system (e.g. Docker and Kubernetes) Experience in developing systems on healthcare data in HL7 (e.g. Epic, Meditech, Cerner, Allscripts, etc) and/or healthcare integration engine (e.g. NextGen Connect, Corepoint, etc) is a plus Experience with web service development and/or API solutions using Spring (Spring Boot, Spring Data, Spring security, etc), REST, and JSON is a plus Ability to self-manage, work independently and meet deadlines Critical thinking skills Willingness to learn and fast learner on new technologies Teamwork mentality and skills Strong communication, interpersonal and analytical skills Team-based communication and project management tools (Google Doc, SmartSheet, JIRA, Confluence, Bitbuckets, etc) Proficient with Linux and MacOS operating system Proficient with programming languages of Python, Java, and SQL The passcode for the Data Engineer is Python. Benefits The team at Pieces is a driven bunch of individuals working toward a common goal. When you join our team, you’ll find a mission-driven culture built on: Positivity: we work hard, and we are enthusiastic about problem-solving and empathetic to our partners’ causes. Teamwork: we believe in harnessing the strength of the collective, mentorship, and amplifying each other's strengths. Great communication: clear, concise, empathetic communication is paramount to our success.  We offer competitive salaries as well as the following benefits: Shared premiums: medical, dental and vision, plus access to FSA and HSA 401K and life insurance Flexible vacation and holiday policies Flexible work hours, with work-from-home options Paid maternity/paternity leave Two days of paid volunteer time per year A comprehensive tech setup The chance to be part of a rapidly growing startup and next success story About Pieces:  Healthcare is about decision-making – and the best decisions are those made with complete and comprehensive data. At Pieces, we collect and deliver data from every part of the patient care journey to help healthcare providers and social service organizations keep communities flourishing. Pieces uses the most cutting-edge technology to help vulnerable populations get the care they need. We use artificial intelligence, natural language processing (NLP), and machine learning to address clinical and social determinants of health. Our tools provide the insights needed to improve patient care beyond the hospital walls. In plain terms, we’re building technology platforms to make better patient care easy.   PI143519320
At Flatiron School, we're changing education. For nearly ten years, we've been teaching amazing people how to code and change their lives. We give incredible people the tools to do what they love for a living, and match companies with hires who will do amazing work, take great pride in their craft and view their work as a chance to grow more. Data Science Technical Coaches (DSTCs) work directly with Flatiron School students, acting as supplementary instructors while students are working through the curriculum. DSTCs interact with students primarily through Flatiron School's "Pair with a TC" service, delivering one-on-one support through text-based chat and through video calls, helping students uncover the solutions to coding and curriculum challenges by guiding them through a process of directed inquiries and incremental hints. Furthermore, DSTCs may have opportunities to provide additional support to students by hosting office hours, leading concept reviews, and being available during lab work time to answer questions and support students as they progress through the curriculum.  In this role, your responsibilities will include guiding students through debugging their code, and through technical challenges while they are working through Flatiron School's Data Science curriculum, helping them to deepen their understanding of programming concepts, and conducting project review assessments to evaluate student knowledge of a specific content area. Successful DSTCs can inspire and energize students to help them build their confidence as they work through difficult coding challenges.  Responsibilities  Exemplify the developer's mindset by guiding stuck students through labs efficiently, effectively, and with kindness Pilot our experimental efforts in how to provide the best experience and most positive outcomes Lead study groups, office hours, and concept reviews that deepen our students' understanding of key concepts Conduct project review assessments by objectively evaluating student knowledge against the Flatiron School standards in each Phase of the curriculum. Document student outcomes in learning management systems in a thorough and timely manner. Embrace change and thrive in ambiguity by helping students and staff with real-time efforts, like being part of new experiments and initiatives, troubleshooting features that are shared to students, and escalating issues that you need help within a timely manner Use feedback from students through surveys and data to continually improve. Integrate feedback given by colleagues and managers Strive to ask questions and provide solutions rather than simply pointing out problems Collaborate with teammates to address outstanding student issues Lean into all Flatiron School's values: Make No Little Plans, Pursue Mastery, Work Together, Radiate Positivity, Be Scrappy, and Nurture Difference  Qualifications  Strong Knowledge in Data Science in Python, starting from data manipulation and management all the way to advanced Machine Learning techniques like Deep Learning Strong communication skills, and great judgment about what communications to use in a particular situation or on a particular medium Service orientation: You're delighted to help people succeed, whether that's your colleagues at Flatiron School, or the students you're teaching The ability to work cross-functionally with a variety of colleagues, from Curriculum Writers to Data Science Lecturers, to engineers and designers. Expected Work Hours: Weeknights and Weekends  Expected Compensation Range:  $30-$35/hourly  For benefits information, visit https://flatironschool.com/careers/. About Flatiron School  Flatiron School teaches passionate, creative people how to launch careers in tech. We've been teaching since 2012, and now offer programs in software engineering, data science, and cybersecurity to bring our successful curriculum to more students. We are more than just a school â€” we are a team of mission-driven individuals trying to align education with reality. Since our inception in 2012, we've provided thousands of students with skills, community, and an immersive outcomes-driven program. To achieve these outcomes, we've never let ourselves stop growing â€“ we've constantly iterated on our curriculum, evolved our teaching techniques, and created technology to improve our students' learning experience.  Equal Employment Opportunity Commitment  Flatiron School provides equal employment opportunity ("EEO") to all persons without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, relationship or association with a protected veteran, military status or any other legally protected characteristic. This includes recruiting, hiring, working conditions, benefits, and other employment matters such as pay, promotion, demotion, transfer, termination, and reduction in force. It is the policy of Flatiron School to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment and to ensure equal opportunity in all terms and conditions of employment or potential employment. All employment decisions shall be consistent with the principle of equal employment opportunity.  Flatiron School values and encourages diversity and solicits applications from all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, gender, sex, age, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, gender identity or expression, genetic information, change of sex or transgender status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. Flatiron School is committed to working with people from all walks of life. If you require a reasonable accommodation in any part of the employment process, please contact people@flatironschool.com
Company Descriptions:Wizsolution is located in Princeton NJ, which is a leader in pharmaceutical recruitment and staffing. Our goal is to provide effective solutions for fulfilling your career potential. The mission of our company is to connect high talent and motivated candidates to technical positions from our partner companies.Job descriptions:Statistical/SAS Programmer-Perform SAS data manipulation and analysis programming-May work with medical writing, clinical operations, and other clinical staff to support deliverables.-Must work well both independently and with team members.-Needs to be able to be on-time with deliverables, and for those deliverables to be of quality.-Works with Statistician and Statistical programmer to assure results are consistent with expectations, and Quality control procedures are followed.-Plans and carefully documents differences between programming results between program developer and Statistical QC programmer.-Confirms that tracking sheets are current for projects, and may also confirm that results are consistent with earlier generated results.MS with 1-8years of pharmaceutical industry experience.Strong collaboration abilities and ability to work as part of a highly skilled team.Experience in CDISC (SDTM, ADaM data sets)Skilled in analysis of safety, efficacy & biomarker data, with an understanding of multiplicity issues; immunology/CV background a plus.Experienced with standard and advanced statistical methods.Expertise in SAS required, S-Plus or R preferred, including advanced statistical analysis, data integration, graphing & simulation.Strong programming skills.Good understanding of regulatory requirements & clinical trial design.Knowledge of and ability to learn relevant clinical background and biomarker biology and incorporate these into statistical design, analysis & interpretation.Preferred Qualifications:Must have 1-8years SAS Programmer experienceSAS systems experience may include Base SAS, SAS/FSP,SAS SCL, Macro Facility, SAS/Graph, SAS / ODS, and SAS / Stat within a Windows operating system.Job Type: Full-timePreferred Qualifications:SAS programming experience preferred but not required.Work Authorization Status:Equal Employment Opportunity.All are welcome: F1-OPT, GC, EAD, USC, etc.We do sponsor H1B work visa and green card application when necessary.Position Type: Full TimeJob Type: Full-time
Description: SUBFUNCTION DEFINITION\: Nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing program and have passed a national licensing exam.  CCHMC SALARY GRADE\:10   REPRESENTATIVE RESPONSIBILITIES  Compliance - Patient Services Staff Sustain a working understanding of regulatory requirements and accreditation standards. Support leadership in Compliance efforts to meet and sustain the regulatory compliance efforts of the department and hospital. Be mindful and judicious in monitoring safety and departmental policies and procedures. Ensure all individual certifications and Safety College requirements are fulfilled in a timely basis. Work with department managers, nurse council and magnet representatives to identify and share safety best practices. Be mindful of CCHMCs processes and compliance with CMS standards and freely communicate safety and compliance concerns to leadership team members. Interprofessional Practice\: Demonstrates consistent integration of the Interprofessional Practice Model (IPM) in all aspects of practice. Patient Care - Age Specific and Culturally Diverse Consistently integrates age specific and culturally diverse concepts into patient care, taking into consideration both the patient's chronological age and developmental functioning. Clinical judgment when performing caring practices Collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols. Matches formal knowledge with clinical events to make appropriate decisions; uses available resources as needed. Documents plan of care, care delivered, and patient and family outcomes. Focuses on the usual and customary needs of the patient and family; anticipates future needs; bases care on standards and protocols; maintains a safe physical environment; acknowledges death as a potential outcome. Consistently integrates age specific concepts into patient care, taking into consideration both the patient's chronological age and developmental functioning. Using self-management support, develops care goals and actions through partnerships with patients and families. Facilitates patient and family learning by providing structured education based on the plan of care goals, and the needs of the patient and family; uses teach back to evaluate effectiveness. Uses systems thinking Sees the pieces or components; sees patient and family within the isolated environment of the unit; sees self as key resource to support the family through the healthcare experience through care coordination. Sustains a working understanding of regulatory requirements and accreditation standards. Supports leadership in efforts to meet and sustain the regulatory compliance efforts of the department and hospital. Monitors and complies with safety and departmental policies and procedures. Ensures individual certifications and Safety College requirements are fulfilled in a timely basis. Is mindful of CCHMCs processes and compliance with CMS standards and freely communicates safety and compliance concerns to leadership team members. Clinical inquiry & performance review to improve practice Follows standards and guidelines; implements clinical changes and research-based practices developed by others; recognizes the need for further learning to improve patient care; recognizes routine or obvious changing patient situation (e.g., deterioration, crisis); in unusual care situations, seeks help when needed to identify patient problem. Uses self-appraisal performance review and peer review, including annual goal setting, for assurance of competence and professional development to promote safe and ethical practice using the nursing process. Demonstrates openness to coaching and mentoring from others. Facilitates learning by assisting with peer and student learning experiences. Works with department managers, nurse council and magnet representatives to identify, share, implement and evaluate safety best practices. Exhibits advocacy, moral agency and response to diversity Works on behalf of patient and family; assesses personal values; aware of ethical conflicts/issues that may surface in clinical setting; makes ethical/moral decisions based on rules; represents patient when patient cannot represent self; aware of patients' rights. Assesses cultural diversity. Recognizes the potential impact of culture on the patient/family experience, and incorporates culturally diverse concepts into patient care. Collaborates with team using shared decision making Is receptive to the contributions of the interdisciplinary team in team meetings and discussion regarding patient issues. Participates in shared governance at the point-of-care as a member of unit-based councils or by demonstrating awareness and contributing to shared decision making (reading minutes, giving feedback and implementing council decisions).  Qualification: EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE  Required\:BSN from ACEN or CCNE accredited institution or MSN Associate/Diploma prepared RNs from ACEN or CCNE accredited institution with 2 years exp. If hired as an external candidate without BSN or MSN, must enroll in a BSN or MSN program within 1 year of hire date and complete program within 5 years of hire date Other state licensure may be required for specific positions H-1B visa sponsorship is not available  Preferred\: BSN from ACEN or CCNE accredited institution or MSN  Unique Skills\:  Development Knowledge of growth and development Family-centered care Understands and support family-centered care Clinical Knowledge Professional knowledge and clinical ability sufficient to provide quality care Diversity Appreciation Understanding and showing respect and appreciation for the uniqueness of all individuals; leveraging differences in others' perspectives and ideas; appreciating cultural differences and adjusting one's approach to successfully integrate with others who are different from oneself Self-development Persistently seeking feedback from others as well as opportunities to update and master job-relevant knowledge; volunteering for training and development opportunities; changing behavior in response to feedback and experience Emotional Resilience Remaining composed and calm when faced with setbacks, disappointments, rejection, crises, stress or pressure; readily putting aside concerns to get the job done; taking a problem solving rather than an emotional approach when faced with a difficult situation; being even-tempered and non-defensive Self-Awareness Accurately identifying one's strengths and weaknesses; using this knowledge to identify necessary resources Communication Excellent verbal, written and/or interpersonal communication skills Physical Capability Capable of bending, lifting (up to 110 lbs) and standing; demonstrate physical ability to perform necessary tasks.
Please note that this is a part-time, contract, remote position. Are you an expert in Python? R? SQL? Spreadsheets? Data Engineering? Do you want to share your knowledge with over 4 million learners worldwide?   The demand is growing for educated, passionate data scientists - but the days of learning data science by passively consuming video lectures are over! Real learning takes place when a student's hands are on the keyboard, writing code, working with data, and solving problems. If you agree and want to be part of the data science revolution, keep reading!   Who We Are:  DataCamp is an innovative EdTech organization with an audience of over 4 million learners that's helping to revolutionize the way people learn real-worldâ€¯data science and data fluency skills. Check us out at http://www.datacamp.com/create to learn more about how to get started!   What We Do:  We invite talented data professionals like yourself to join our community of Course Instructors and Project Creators to help expand our curriculum of real-world skills in Data Engineering, SQL, Google Sheets, Python, and more. No prior teaching experience is necessary, and our curriculum experts and content developers will help you every step of the way as you create a Course or Project.   Why You Should Join Us: Scale your impact to a global audience Share your knowledge with over 4,400,000 data scientists around the world.  Build your data science brand  Associate your name with the things you teach and cool stuff you've built.  Supplement or replace your income  While average monthly earnings per course are about $1,000, our top instructors are making over $150K per year in royalties.  Use data to improve your teaching  Learn from our data on how thousands of students engage with your content.    Who We're Looking For Must Haves: Talented data science industry professional skilled in either Python, R, SQL, or Sheets (or all of the above) Passionate about teaching data science and data fluency skills Excellent written and oral communication skills in English Would Love to See: Previous education/teaching/training/mentoring experience Previous experience with Github and Jupyter notebook Completed at least one full DataCamp course  What You Can Expect: Prepaid royalties for the first several hundred completions upon Course Hard Launch Instructors receive royalties as long as the course is live on the DataCamp website Time commitment: We recommend setting aside 10-15 hours per week for 12-16 weeks DataCamp Courses follow a standardized structure with approximately 4 chapters of material, with 3-4 lessons each chapter, interspersed with hands-on coding exercises All courses are developed as part of larger skill and career tracks that are developed months in advance. As such, we only accept applications for courses currently on our wishlist.  View our Course Wishlist here (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iqtAIifjaSurddhSkg_hlf-VydL7L-I8ccUETgEu5Tw/edit?ts=5be06762#gid=1004049316)   For any questions, please email create@datacamp.com  Apply to become a DataCamp instructor today!  FAQs
General Description: Assist researchers and software developers on projects bridging the gap between research and analytics by providing data-driven solutions across several policy areas. Work with research and analytics staff in development of streamlined protocols through gathering requirements. Assist team with schema, business rules and configuration testing processes. Support development efforts with standardized protocols to manipulate information captured in a fixed format to usable data, using non-traditional data sources like scraping data from social media, mining data from natural language texts, as well as vectorizing images to create analytical dataset to inform policy decisions. Assist development teams drafting and compiling requirements for complex statistical models, machine learning algorithms and deep learning networks. Assist Data Scientists in developing data products that contain dynamic data visualizations to present findings, data explorers that allow users to explore and analyze the data themselves, as well as publish data. Perform functional testing of data products Maintain data product documentation.  Work experience and job skills requirements: Knowledge of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, and Decision Forests Familiarity with data management and machine learning toolkits, such as tidyverse and dyplr in R and pandas and scikit learn in Python Experience using data visualization tools PlotLy and Tableau Experience working with query languages such as SQL. Knowledge of statistics and research methods and regression models. Experience developing technical documentation for datasets, code, and data products. Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Education Requirements: BA/BS in Applied Mathematics, Applied Statistics, Operations Research, Economics, Business Analytics or a related field
Upstart is a leading AI lending platform partnering with banks to expand access to affordable credit. As we transitioned to being a public company, we’re now poised to leverage our domain expertise and revolutionize every aspect of lending and credit risk evaluation. We’ve recently expanded our offerings to include automobile refinancing and we plan to take on more verticals as the business grows.  By leveraging Upstart's AI platform, Upstart-powered banks can have higher approval rates and lower loss rates, while simultaneously delivering the exceptional digital-first lending experience their customers demand. Upstart's patent-pending platform is the first to receive a no-action letter from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau related to fair lending. Upstart not only supports a large remote workforce, but also has offices in San Mateo, CA; Columbus, OH; and Austin, TX.  Most Upstarters join us because they connect with our mission of enabling access to effortless credit based on true risk. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Upstart, we’d love to hear from you!  The Team and Role  Because our challenges are so new, members of our Machine Learning team need strong creative problem-solving skills and the technical background to implement solutions. Our research environment affords team members the opportunity to utilize a variety of statistical and machine learning methods with the freedom and encouragement to pursue alternative approaches to solving problems. Whether developing new products or identifying novel approaches to core models, we are continuously seeking the next big ideas to move our business forward.  As a Model Governance Researcher at Upstart, you'll make an impact by researching, analyzing and creating content for Compliance, Sales and Bank Partnerships teams with respect to the impact and performance of our AI/ML models. You’ll also have an opportunity to work alongside a talented ML team that values curiosity, humility, drive and teamwork.  Position Location - This role is available in the following locations: Remote, San Mateo or Columbus Time Zone Requirements - This team operates on either the East or West Coast time zones. Travel Requirements - This team has regular on-site collaboration sessions six times annually split between the San Mateo or Columbus office locations. If you need to travel to make these meetups, Upstart will cover all travel related expenses.  How you’ll make an impact: Translate Upstart’s highly technical proprietary technology into language accessible to non-industry stakeholders, while maintaining discretion and confidentiality Own the technical editing process for documents produced by Upstart’s machine learning team including creating and implementing formalized content style guides and templates Author public-facing white papers and research papers on topics related to machine learning model governance including fair lending and model explainability Develop content including sales guides, documents, and interactive tools with the purpose of making machine learning models accessible to external business partners Serve as a liaison to the academic research community on issues related to machine-learning model governance Potential to become a leader in the area, and take on more responsibility over time  What we’re looking for: Minimum requirements: Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to translate highly technical data and processes into language that can be understood by internal and external stakeholders Sound working knowledge of statistics, econometrics, or machine learning methods Programming skills in Python and/or R Experience cataloguing and documenting model governance processes to a high level of detail using GitHub, Jira, Confluence, G-Suite and/or related tools Ability to work cross functionally between technical and non-technical teams and act as a voice for them  Preferred qualifications: Core academic foundation in quantitative area of study such as Economics, Statistics, Data Science, Machine Learning, or others; Master’s, PhD or Juris Doctorate with demonstrated research and writing skills strongly preferred Research interests and/or knowledge of consumer credit or fair lending practices is a plus  What you’ll love: Competitive Compensation (base + bonus & equity) Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage Personal Development and Technology & Ergonomic Budgets Life insurance and disability benefits Clubs and Activities (Game Nights, Fitstarters, Superwomen, Book Club, Investing Club, Money Discussions, Photography Club and Basketball teams) Generous vacation policy 401(k) and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) Catered lunches + snacks & drinks  Upstart is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. We are dedicated to ensuring that underrepresented classes receive better access to affordable credit, and are just as committed to embracing diversity and inclusion in our hiring practices. We celebrate all cultures, backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, and know that we can only become better together.  https://www.upstart.com/candidate_privacy_policy
Category: Research and Sciences Location: Roy, Utah US Citizenship Required for this Position: Yes Clearance Type: Secret Telecommute: No –Teleworking not available for this position Shift: 1st Shift Travel Required: Yes, 25 % of the Time Positions Available: 1  We are seeking a Data Scientist to support our Strategic Deterrent Systems Digital Transformation in Roy, Utah. The Digital Transformation organization provides the division with future-oriented analyses that can be used to help drive changes and improvements in business practices. By employing analytical techniques, applied to research data, which go beyond simply describing the data we will be able to explore the hidden relationships and patterns within the data. The selected candidate will have experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods and tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms, and creating/running simulations. The ideal candidate will be adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have an ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. The candidate should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics, with demonstrated critical thinking and problem-solving skills. Passion for machine-learning and research are also highly coveted. Roles and Responsibilities include but not limited to: Data exploration - Explore large data sets using a variety of tools to build model ready data products and provide any requirements to developers to productize. Model Building - Description: Leverage analytics tools to build complex statistical and machine learning models to build predictive and prescriptive strategies. Adhoc Insight Generation - Description: Quickly explore data and apply descriptive statistics to provide rapid insights for the business customer. Create data mining architectures/models/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends in large data sets. Analysis may have many applications such as to address a business issue or provide a competitive advantage for the organization Utilizes strong statistical and data visualization skills Uses and applies technical principles, theories, and concepts Demonstrates the skill and ability to perform professional tasks Develops recommended solutions to technical problems  Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or related discipline with a minimum of 14 years of experience; or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or related discipline with a minimum of 12 years of experience; or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, or related discipline with a minimum of 9 years of experience Experience interfacing with customers and developing semantic data ontologies Knowledge of statistics, including sample design and probability sampling techniques, survey and experimental design, and measures of precision. Knowledge of industry developments, business practices, and technical developments to meet business needs. Ability to use computer-based data and operating systems, programming languages, and statistical packages Experience working with large datasets Ability to provide technical guidance related to data design, data collection, and statistical analysis. Ability to communicate facts or ideas orally and in writing, when answering questions, giving directions, providing information, preparing reports/presentations, and in preparing documentation. Ability to provide relevant leadership and support to management, peers, and customers for data science best practices and procedures. Ability to works under consultative direction toward predetermined long-range goals and objectives. Assignments are often self-initiated. Determine and pursue courses of action necessary to obtain desired results. Develops advanced technological ideas and guides their development into a final product. Must be able to obtain a DoD Secret Clearance   Preferred Qualifications: Master's degree or PhD in related field Significant experience with R, Python, C++, SQL Database/Coding, JAVA, Javascript Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, and visualization tools such as Tableau Demonstrated experience working with unstructured data An active DoD Secret security clearance (or higher)   Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
Matern Staffing is hiring for a Data Analyst in Fredericksburg, VA. This position is fulltime, Monday - Friday with a minimum of 40 hours per week, and will start remote then transition to in office.Experience:Four-year college degree or equivalent is required, preferably in research/data science-based disciplines (statistics, mathematics, data science, economics, information systems/technology, engineering or business).Master’s Degree preferred. Additional training or certifications in data analytics, marketing research techniques, technical writing and/or fundamentals of electric distribution operations is desired.Skills:Must be comfortable working with spreadsheets and relational databases. Knowledge of research techniques, scientific sampling, use of PCs and business software required.A basic understanding of marketing research and application required. Must have a thorough working knowledge of generally accepted business practices.Must possess basic computer skills, to include a working knowledge of Microsoft Office products, including, but not limited to: Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Power BI as required by job responsibilities. Knowledge of at least one scripting language (e.g. Python) and/ or one statistical software package (e.g. R) is a plus.Must be able to exercise sound business judgment and operate independently. Must be able to organize and analyze large amounts of data and draw relevant insights from the analysis.Must be able to gain working knowledge of business operations, decision and intelligence systems concepts, and database structures.Must be able to communicate clearly with members, employees and business contacts. Must be able to communicate complex ideas to non-technical people. Must possess critical thinking skills with the ability to identify and solve complex problems based on analysis of data. Must maintain strong attention to detail.Requirements:Computer Science/Network Engineering, Engineering, or Mathematics majorExcellent analytical skillsExcellent research skillsAbility to work in teamsNO SPONSORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES AVAILABLE.Matern Staffing is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timePay: $20.00 - $25.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayAbility to commute/relocate:Fredericksburg, VA 22408: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One location
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, citizenship, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, disability status, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Description At BASF, we create chemistry through the power of connected minds. By balancing economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility, we are building a more sustainable future through chemistry. As the world’s leading chemical company, we help our customers in nearly every industry meet the current and future needs of society through science and innovation. We achieve this through our commitment to continuous improvement and operational excellence, which gives us the opportunity to set and deliver on ambitious, long-term goals. We provide a challenging and rewarding work environment with a strong emphasis on process safety, as well as the safety of our employees and the communities we operate in and are always working to form the best team—especially from within, through an emphasis on lifelong learning and development. This allows for our employees to innovate and generate new ideas, put them into action, and gain insights from them to further advance our collective expertise.  And we are constantly striving to become an even better place to work. BASF has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s Best Large Employers in 2021. Come join us on our journey to create solutions for a sustainable future!  Quantum Computing Scientist (2101503) – Iselin, NJ  Where the Chemistry Happens  We are seeking a professional like you to serve as Quantum Computing Scientist in Iselin, NJ. Qualifications - BASF recognizes institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent Formula for Success Successfully engaging within and outside the organization, you will establish and coordinate collaborations with industrial and academic partners in the field of Next Generation Computing, specifically in the area of quantum computing. Contributing strong domain expertise in machine learning, optimization, statistics, mathematics, or quantum computing, you will make internal and external multi-disciplinary collaborations a success. Leveraging your PhD education and training in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Chemistry, Engineering or a related discipline and your machine learning, statistics, deep learning or optimization, you will be responsible for the preparation and pre-processing of relevant use cases, as well as post-processing of quantum computing results using state-of-the-art classical computing approaches and emerging quantum technologies (e.g. NISQ and beyond). Your strong programming and algorithm development skills in modern languages such as Python will be essential as you (co-)develop and apply quantum computing methods, algorithms, and workflows to solve relevant use cases. Demonstrating your technical skills, you will be responsible for the comparison of different quantum computing and state-of-the-art classical computing approaches to assess feasibility and determine the best approaches to realize business-value driven use cases. Your experience in quantum computing (particularly in related software libraries and toolkits such as Qiskit, Cirq, Pyquil, Pennylane), as well as software libraries related to annealing or quantum inspired will enable you to make software solutions for relevant use cases available to the broader machine learning, optimization and next generation computing communities at BASF. Your fluency in spoken and written English (fluency in German or additional languages a plus) will serve you well as you document and disseminate project results in the form of talks, reports, and publications. Being motivated to work in an interdisciplinary, cross-functional environment, as well as willingness to constantly learn in a quickly evolving and challenging field, you will build up further competencies by following the latest developments in the quickly evolving field of quantum computing. Working as a creative, highly motivated, communicative and open-minded team player, you will propose new ideas on exploring further use cases in the broader context of Next Generation Computing, including but not limited to leveraging public funding opportunities. Create Your Own Chemistry: What We Offer You  Adding value to our customers begins with adding value to you. You@BASF is the suite of benefits, perks, programs and unique opportunities we offer to support you—the whole you—in all stages of your life and career. With you@BASF, you create your own chemistry.  The total rewards that you receive as a BASF employee go way beyond a paycheck. From competitive health and insurance plans, to robust retirement benefits that include company-matching contributions, to making sure you never stop learning, we believe investing in you is investing in our success. Working for a large, global organization, you’ll have a chance to grow professionally and personally, expand your network and build a rewarding and dynamic career.  BASF provides interesting and challenging learning and development opportunities to help you make the most of your talents and your job.
DATA SCIENTIST – PUBLIC HEALTH  Job Number: 00125992  Job Posting: Jul 26, 2021, 2:40:56 PM Closing Date: Aug 9, 2021, 11:59:00 PM  Full-time Shift Start Time: 8:30 A.M. Shift End Time: 4:30 P.M. Collective Bargaining Unit: None  Posting Salary: COMPETITIVE Organization: Health and Hospital Systems LOCATION: Remote - Cook County Department of Public Health (7556 W. Jackson Blvd, Forest Park, IL 60130) SHIFT: 8:30AM-4:30PM Job Summary Under the supervision of the Director of Communicable Disease or designee, the Data Scientist provides development, support and maintenance of computer applications and data interfaces. Designs, develops, tests, implements, documents and maintains solutions to meet users' unique needs. This is a grant funded position expiring June 1, 2023. This position is exempt from Career Service under the CCH Personnel Rules. Typical Duties Assists in designing and developing technical architecture, requirements and statistical models Coordinates with end users for designing and implementing analytics solutions Develops and tests interactive web applications using R Shiny Prepares scripts to ensure proper data access, manipulation and reporting functions with R programming languages Formulates procedures for integration of R programming plans with data sources and delivery systems Provides technical assistance for development and execution of test plans and cases Supports technical team members in development of automated processes for data extraction and analysis Participates in learning of techniques for statistical analysis projects, algorithms and new methods Prepares detailed technical documentation such as workflows, scripts and diagrams In collaboration with leadership, responds to requests for information Coordinates with appropriate personnel to promote best practices for data standardization and integrity Assures that informatics solutions protect confidentiality, security and integrity of data while maximizing availability of information for public health Performs other duties as assigned  Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university in Statistics, Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Informatics, or other health data related field (Must provide official transcripts at time of interview) One (1) year of post-graduate work experience in public health, epidemiology, biostatistics, demography, urban planning, health informatics or other types of applied quantitative research Experience with and knowledge of R and SAS Experience with and knowledge of SQL Completion of the National Incident Management Systems (NIMS) courses to include: IS-100, 200, 700, and 800 within six (6) months of employment (Must provide proof at time of interview if already obtained)  Preferred Qualifications Experience with large healthcare databases management, data cleaning and analysis  VETERAN PREFERENCE PLEASE READ  When applying for employment with the Cook County Health & Hospitals System, preference is given to honorably discharged Veterans who have served in the Armed Forces of the United States for not less than 6 months of continuous service  To take advantage of this preference a Veteran must: Meet the minimum qualifications for the position. Identify self as a Veteran on the employment application by answering yes to the question by answering yes to the question, “Are you a Military Veteran?” Attach a copy of their DD 214, DD 215 or NGB 22 (Notice of Separation at time of application filing. Please note: If you have multiple DD214s, 215s, or NGB 22S, Please submit the one with the latest date. Coast Guard must submit a certified copy of the military separation from either the Department of Transportation (Before 9/11) or the Department of Homeland Security (After 9/11). Discharge papers must list and Honorable Discharge Status. Discharge papers not listing an Honorable Discharge Status are not acceptable  OR A copy of a valid State ID Card or Driver’s License which identifies the holder of the ID as a Veteran, may also be attached to the application at time of filing.  If items are not attached, you will not be eligible for Veteran Preference VETERANS MUST PROVIDE ORIGINAL APPLICABLE DISCHARGE PAPERS OR APPLICABLE STATE ID CARD OR DRIVER’S LICENSE AT TIME OF INTERVIEW. BENEFITS PACKAGE Medical, Dental, and Vision Coverage Basic Term Life Insurance Pension Plan Deferred Compensation Program Paid Holidays, Vacation, and Sick Time You may also qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program (PSLF)  For further information on our excellent benefits package, please click on the following link: http://www.cookcountyrisk.com/ MUST MEET ALL REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS AT TIME OF APPLICATION FILING. Degrees awarded outside of the United States with the exception of those awarded in one of the United States’ territories and Canada must be credentialed by an approved U. S. credential evaluation service belonging to the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators (AICE). Original credentialing documents must be presented at time of interview. Please note all offers of employment are contingent upon the following conditions: satisfactory professional & employment references, healthcare and criminal background checks, appropriate licensure/certifications and the successful completion of a physical and pre-employment drug screen. CCHHS is strictly prohibited from conditioning, basing or knowingly prejudicing or affecting any term or aspect of County employment or hiring upon or because of any political reason or factor. COOK COUNTY HEALTH & HOSPITALS SYSTEM IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.
Required Skills / Experience: BA/BS in Computer Science, Physics, Applied Math, Agronomy, Engineering or a related quantitative discipline with at least a year of data analytics or data science experience.Intermediate skill using Python (e.g. pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn, etc.)Intermediate skill using SQL or PySpark dataframe manipulationsKnowledgeable of version control, e.g. gitDetail oriented and capable of performing deep dives into datasets • Strong communication skills to solicit information from domain experts and present results • back to a technical audience Self starter as well as able to work as part of a teamBasic knowledge of statistics.  Desired Skills / Experience: M.Sc.in Computer Science, Physics, Applied Math, Agronomy, Engineering or a related quantitative discipline.Experience with version control and code reviewExperience with agronomic data and agricultural technology, especially with regard to row cropsExperience with exploratory Big Data discovery through the use of technologies such as PySparkExperience with multiple data formats and data of varying qualityData storytelling with meaningful, interpretable visualizationsCuriosity and an open-mind towards unfamiliar data sources and unfamiliar quantitative domains
Delve Deeper! Join one of Inc 5000’s fastest-growing companies as a Data Scientist DELVE is an analytics-first media consultancy and top-rated Google Marketing Platform, Google Cloud Platform, TheTradeDesk, Amazon AWS partner and reseller that provides strategy, insights, execution, and optimization of customer data to improve digital media ROI. DELVE aims to help emerging Challenger brands achieve their goals in Digital Marketing through the power of white-glove, data-driven service.Primary responsibilities: This position will challenge you to deliver intelligent machine learning-driven marketing insights, predictions, and recommendations in a consultant-client setting. Using your creativity, technical programming skills, and passion for problem solving, you will develop and deploy cloud-based data science solutions solving real world marketing business problems. The successful data scientist will be an independent self-starter comfortable with ambiguity and able to transform vague client business problems into tangible machine learning projects aimed at delivering measurable economic value.You should exhibit an entrepreneurial spirit and enjoy tackling quantitative problems that most other people cannot solve. You are the kind of person that enjoys figuring out ways to use programming to automate manual tasks and optimize decision making. You also love “geeking out” and discussing different approaches and theories to solving problems with machine learning. You are curious and have a passion for knowledge discovery using data!Qualifications: Advanced level proficiency with Python or similar programming languages (R, SAS, etc.)Advanced knowledge and proficiency with SQLExperience creating data pipelines and developing/deploying machine learning models in a business settingDemonstrated experience communicating the results of complex business intelligence or data science projects to non-technical business stakeholders in the form of visually appealing and coherent slide decks.Competence in data cleansing, transformation, and model feature creation/abstraction/selection specifically for machine learningPassion for data storytelling and quantitative analysisDeep understanding of the pros and cons of various data science approaches/methodologies and proven ability to select the best approach for any given problem (supervised vs unsupervised learning, regression vs classification, etc)Ability to communicate complex topics in simple terms using visuals, diagrams, and analogyModerate competency with at least 1 BI visualization platform (Tableau, Power BI, Google Data Studio, Looker)Undergraduate degree in computer science, engineering, physics, math, economics, finance or other quantitative fieldAbility to multi-task and work in a fast-pace, high-change environmentA flexible mindset that is energized, not frustrated, by the messiness common to rapidly growing organizations.Who We Are: DELVE is a fast-paced company with a list of high-profile customers across the USA and EU. Among our key clients are UNICEF, Wynn, Virgin, Gerber Life, ALG and AT&T. We are growing rapidly and we look for collaborative, ambitious, candid, and energetic teammates.At DELVE, we prioritize our people. With so much talent, we recognize the importance of our employee’s well-being and will go above and beyond to ensure they work in the best environment that fosters personal and professional growth. We care about our culture and reward creativity and determination. We are also in the process of becoming B-Corp certified and carbon neutral. Our team looks for data-driven, problem-solving, and agile people who take work personally but still know how to have fun.DELVE is headquartered in Boulder, Colorado, with offices in New York, Warsaw, and Minsk.What DELVE Offers: Ownership of your work, responsibility to make things happen and the opportunity to make a real differenceAn opportunity to join a fast-paced and exciting global business in the data science/ad-tech sectorA culture that emphasizes honesty, collaboration, growth and personal responsibilityA competitive salary and quarterly bonus opportunitiesA promote from within culture and the chance to define your career growthFully paid health and dental insuranceSafe harbor 401k with 4% company matchOptional life insurance, disability insurance and flexible-spending account2-3 work from home days per week & flexible working hours based on team requirements and management discretion (all employees are required to work from home during the COVID-19 pandemic until it is safe to return back to office)15 days of PTO + 10 yearly paid holidays + a paid end of year holiday week8 sick days3 months paid parental leave$1,000 Wellness BenefitBrand new office in Louisville, CO (just outside Boulder), built and designed exclusively for DELVESalary range for this position (dependent on experience and expertise):Junior Data Scientist: $70k – $125kSenior Data Scientist: $100k – $180k+Plus bonus potential and is based on prior experience and qualifications.Delve is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity enriches the workplace and we are committed to growing our team with the most talented and passionate people from every community. Delve strives to create a culture of unity and respect and to that end, we have a zero tolerance policy for behavior that promotes harassment, hate and discrimination of any kind. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals. If you require assistance during the application process due to a disability, please let us know.Job Type: Full-time
Summary Posted: Jul 30, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200269294 Imagine what you could do here! At Apple, new insights have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Do you bring passion and dedication to your job? If so, we are looking for individuals like you. We are looking for talent who will join us to craft the future of video. Our team develops cutting edge technology and system that enable intelligent and interactive video experience in Apple’s media products, such as Photos, Camera, FaceTime, AirPlay, SideCar, TV+, etc. You will work closely with a group of highly motivated specialists to develop exciting machine learning technologies that will make a huge impact in the products. Key Qualifications Strong experience in video and machine learning algorithm development Deep understanding in neural network, strong experience in designing and optimizing networks Strong programming, debugging and problem solving skills Creative and detail-oriented Strong communication skills You are upbeat, adaptable, and results oriented with a positive attitude Description As a video machine learning algorithm engineer in our team, you will be responsible for developing machine learning technologies, implementing and optimizing the solution, and shipping it in the products. You will be responsible for developing new algorithms, improving existing ones, designing neural network architectures, training, implementing, integrating and optimizing networks, etc. Education & Experience MS Computer Science or MS Electrical Engineering or equivalent Additional Requirements Nice to have but not required: Experience developing real-time and low latency video system solutions Experience in training data acquisition and management
Designs, develops, and applies a variety of decision analytics, mathematical and statisticaltechniques, data mining, modeling and simulation, and other analytic methods combined withmilitary to address operational and planning challenges to facilitate senior leadership decisions.Provides unique, and timely analysis on a range of pressing, operationally-focused issues usingmulti-source data in the context of interdisciplinary techniques and methods.*REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: ** Candidate must be authorized to work in U.S. and possess and maintain an active Secretclearance* Qualified candidates must have at least 5 years Operations and Analysis experience.* Excellent writing and briefing skills.* Expert with Microsoft Excel and Power Business Intelligence (BI).* Candidate must also demonstrate proficiency in a variety of commonly used analyst tools anddatabases, to include Microsoft Office applications.* Candidates must have strong communication and interpersonal skills.*SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE and ABILITIES: ** Candidate must have sharp analytical and research skills as well as provide exceptionalcustomer service.* The candidate must have the ability to collaborate with team members, multi-task and adapt tochange.* Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Word and Outlook and Power BI is required.* Candidate must have the ability to perform statistical and graphical analysis on various aspectsof data management.* Candidate must be skillful in assisting in the preparation of tasking requests, point papers,briefing charts, spreadsheets, memos, and other documents within prescribed timelines forreview and analysis.* Candidate must be skillful in assisting with the interpretation of requests for data and facts;acquire, analyze, and prepare presentations for use in decision-making.Acceptance for this opportunity is dependent upon meeting all qualification/selection criteria.Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer: Purdy Group is an equal employment opportunity employer and affirmative action employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment. All interested individuals will receive consideration and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Purdy Group, LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.Purdy Group, LLC expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Purdy Group, LLC’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.Because Purdy Group LLC conducts business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are required to inquire about potential employees' disability status. Completing this form is completely voluntary. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you would like to complete this form, please click on this link to access the form: http://www.purdygroup.com/selfidentifyinvite.Purdy Group takes affirmative action in support of its policy to advance diversity and inclusion of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.Job Type: Full-timePay: $90,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftExperience:Statistical Analyst or Operations Research Systems Analyst: 1 year (Preferred)Security clearance:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
The University of Pennsylvania's Department of Computer & Information Science is pleased to welcome applications for multiple teaching positions as a Lecturer or Senior Lecturer. It is a very exciting time to be engaged in computer science education at Penn, as we are experiencing incredible growth and interest in CS courses at all levels, are developing new on-campus and online learning programs, and are rapidly growing the size of our faculty.  We are seeking dedicated, accomplished, full-time instructors to teach introductory-sequence courses, undergraduate electives, and Master's-level courses in data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, software systems, software engineering, cyber security, and other areas, starting in July 2021.  Additionally (see separate job posting), as part of our revamped teaching-track faculty career path, recently we introduced a Practice Assistant Professor position. This is a great career choice for teaching-focused faculty members who have a track record of published research in engineering education and are interested in developing and publishing on innovative pedagogical techniques. Applicants are encouraged to apply for any/all positions for which they think they may be qualified.  We seek individuals who embrace and reflect diversity in the broadest sense. Members of our teaching faculty participate in departmental and school-level efforts to promote Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, and to work closely with students to identify and address diversity challenges. As such, we request a discussion of candidates' experiences in establishing and maintaining supportive, inclusive environments for diverse student communities, and what plans they have for being involved in diversity efforts at Penn. Qualifications: PhD in Computer Science or relevant discipline, or equivalent experience.  Application Instructions: To ensure full consideration, applicants are encouraged to apply by November 30th, 2020. However, applications will be accepted until positions are filled. Please submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching statement, statement on inclusion and diversity, and names of 3 references. Other supporting documents are optional.  To Apply: http://apply.interfolio.com/79697  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement The University of Pennsylvania values diversity and seeks talented students, faculty and staff from diverse backgrounds. The University of Pennsylvania is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected class. Questions or concerns about this should be directed to the Executive Director of the Office of Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Programs, University of Pennsylvania, 421 Franklin Building, 3451 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-6205; or (215) 898-6993 (Voice) or (215) 898-7803 (TDD).
SRC, Inc is currently seeking an entry-level engineer to work in the machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) domains in our Chantilly office.   The rapid advancement of deep learning continues to enable new innovative applications, solutions, and capabilities for our products and programs, including ground and airborne radar systems, electronic warfare (EW) systems, optical sensors, and more. The selected candidate will have the opportunity to develop and field solutions using deep learning and other machine learning models on state-of-the-art hardware to solve a variety of challenges of national significance. Responsibilities Apply machine learning models, tools, and techniques to imagery, video, signals, and other data products Perform data collection and run simulations to create, curate, and label machine learning data sets Develop visualizations, demonstrations, and presentations for customers Develop applications to deploy machine learning algorithms on various types of hardware (embedded systems, high performance systems, cloud-based systems…) Travel to technical conferences and various test sites in the US Stay up-to-date on state-of-the-art ML techniques and technologies  Requirements  Bachelor's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, math, or physics with zero to three (0-3) years of experience, with a minimum grade point average of 3.0 Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills Technical proficiency in MATLAB and/or Python Preferred Requirements Coursework in computer vision, machine learning, or neural networks Familiar with signal processing algorithms, techniques, and related technologies Defense industry experience Currently holding a secret or higher security clearance Technical proficiency in C++ Location Chantilly, Virginia Employment Type Full-Time Salaried Experience Required 0-1 Year Education Required Bachelors Degree Security Clearance Requirement Must meet eligibility requirements Travel % 10
Data Scientist  Technical/Functional Skills High in-depth understanding in AI/ML algorithms and how they work across various data source systems with empirical applications. Hands on in various AI related Python libraries like Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, Kera’s etc High grade python programmer with proven proficiencies in application development with PySpark as a core API environment. Good working knowledge of AI/ML is desirable   Job Function CONSULTANCY Role Analyst Job Id 202400 Desired Skills Data Science Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications : BACHELOR OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Machine Learning Researcher - Wireless Communications If you are knowledgeable about the Wireless Communications industry and have Machine Learning experience, please read on!  We are a leading Research & Development company that is committed to creating innovations to impact the Wireless Communications industry. Now with an immediate need for a Lead Architect to join our growing team!  Requirements: Expert level understanding of Machine LearningExperience working with Wireless Communications, 4G, 5G, Wi-Fi, etc.Experience with Machine Learning frameworks such as Keras or TensorflowExperience with Linux and/or Embedded Systems This is an on-site position in Sunnyvale. Remote is not being offered at this time.Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Summary Posted: May 1, 2020 Role Number:200167352 Would you like to play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction? Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile and desktop computing, and work with the people who built the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking? The vision for the Siri Data organization is to improve Siri by using data as the voice of our customers. Within this organization the mission of the Analytics team is to inform the evolution of Siri through measurement and analysis of the user experience. As an Embedded Data Scientist on the team, you will be an ambassador of analytics to product and engineering teams with the ultimate purpose of improving the Siri experience for Apple customers. Key Qualifications You think about data in terms of statistical distributions and have a big enough analytics toolbox to know how to find patterns in data, identify targets for performance, and identify sources of variance about those targets. You use good judgment balancing art and science when visually communicating information (e.g. Tableau, Superset, ggplot, D3). You have engineered information out of massive and complex datasets (e.g. Hive, Spark, Druid, Solr, Oozie). You have proven experience with at least one programming language (e.g. Python, R, Scala) and are comfortable developing code in a team environment (e.g. git, notebooks, testing). You are self-motivated and curious with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities and an innate drive to improve how things work. You have a high tolerance for ambiguity. You find a way through. You anticipate. You connect and synthesize. You have excellent verbal and written communications skills and experience in influencing decisions with information. Your academic background is in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Economics or Physics. Advanced degree preferred Description You will partner closely with Siri engineering teams to develop ways of characterizing the user experience in how Siri executes on requests and connecting those characterizations into Siri's development. • Define metrics that we will measure our efforts against as well as defining the instrumentation required for yielding sufficient data. • Communicate with and advocate to a wide audience of engineers, managers and executives to inform decisions on how Siri evolves. • Build analytic, visualization, and other information products with a drive to automate and scale the insights available to science and engineering teams. • Perform exploratory data analyses to enrich our mental models about Siri usage and identify new questions to pursue. • Extract information from structured and unstructured data coming from Siri's computational architecture. Education & Experience We are looking for people with a track record in building insights and relationships to affect decisions. Join us, and impact hundreds of millions of customers across billions of their interactions with a personal, intelligent assistant who is available on iPhone, iPad, HomePod, Watch, TV, and Mac across more than 30 languages. B.S. or M.S. or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience
Opportunity Overview  Build systems that evaluate the performance of every part of the self-driving stack Help set the direction for the entire company in a data-driven way  Responsibilities  Work with massive datasets on data association, clustering, segmentation, filtering, machine learning, feature engineering, and inference Establish effective benchmarking pipelines to evaluate self-driving system in complex and nuanced situations Develop and deploy novel approaches to solve open-ended problems Closely collaborate with other teams to conduct system design, integration and testing Requirements  M.S./Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or other related fields Solid knowledge in one or more of the following fields: machine learning, data mining, anomaly detection, clustering, causal inference, feature engineering Strong coding skills in Python Preferred  Publications in related conferences and/or journals Perks  Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Daily breakfast, lunch, and dinner Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company 401(K) program Company paid life insurance Company paid education/training Company paid gym membership  TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items. Origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items.
Senior / Expert Lead Statistician - Ongoing Contract - Remote - USAWe have recently partnered with a global Biopharmaceutical company, who are searching for and Expert Statistician to join their busy, innovative team across Oncology or CNS initially on a 14 month contract. Strong lead experience required for this role. You will provide statistical-methodological expert advice and support oncology project statisticians. You will participate in the interpretation and discussion of key/pivotal trial results, particularly for the statistical exploration of unexpected findings. You will support project statisticians to ensure that clinical development strategies and key/pivotal trial protocols in oncology are based on state-of-art statistical-methodology and meet regulatory requirements. Review and approve clinical development plans and protocol outlines. Ideally you will need a PhD in Statistics but they will consider MSc level.For more information on the opportunity please send your CV directly to me. Thanks.Reference ID: AW00031Contract length: 14 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Master's (Required)Location:Remote (Required)Work Remotely:Yes
Summary Posted: Jun 28, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200203798 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. The people here at Apple don’t just craft products - they build the kind of wonder thatʼs revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Are you interested in being part of a team that continues to innovate the way people and machines interact? The launch of Siri was a defining moment in the history of Artificial Intelligence. Siri offers a faster, easier way to get things done on your Apple devices, even before you ask. Millions of people now use Siri to send messages, play their favorite song or even take a selfie. The AI/ML team is passionate about technology with a focus on enriching the customer experience. We are looking for a motivated Annotation Analyst that demonstrates active listening, integrity, acute attention to detail, and is passionate about impacting our customer's experience. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. This position is located at our Apple corporate campus in San Diego, CA. Key Qualifications Fluency in the Canadian French language with excellent comprehension, grammar and proofreading skills Excellent English reading comprehension and writing skills Highly organized with strong attention to detail Excellent active listening skills with the ability to understand verbal nuances Understanding of the regions and cultural variations where Canadian French is spoken Demonstrates attention to detail and critical thinking skills in evaluation of Siri’s language usage and dialect Ability to independently navigate systems and tools Demonstrates integrity and focuses on customer privacy Experience in content review or a similar environment, prior testing experience preferred Demonstrates flexibility and adaptability to changing work-flows and responsibilities Grows with a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomed Excels at working independently to make timely decisions and take appropriate actions Experience as an end user of Siri, similar Intelligent Personal Assistants, or other AI Successfully meets or exceeds targets, working within tight deadlines Ability to identify business process solutions that increase efficiencies Ability to maintain focus and aim for high results through large volumes of tasks Description Our team is comprised of very talented individuals, who are passionate about AI/ML and ensuring Apple services are at their best. As part of the Annotation Team you'll play a central role in enhancing the user experience. We work in a fast paced, dynamic, technology focused environment. As an Annotation Analyst, you'll listen and transcribe audio files and evaluate Siri’s response and language usage, from customers who have opted in to the grading program. You'll use your language and cultural knowledge, along with analytical skills, to evaluate responses against guidelines. Your flexibility and the ability to prioritize tasks is essential. We focus on the user experience, thinking creatively on how customers use Siri and use this knowledge for improvements. Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us build the ideas that move all of us forward. We'll train you to be an expert in understanding, supporting and improving the customer experience. This position comes with competitive pay, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, and employee discount. We are seeking applicants with fluency in the Canadian French language. Education & Experience Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience preferred. Additional Requirements Ability to work Monday- Friday from 9:00am-6:00pm local time; with scheduling and work flexibility based on business needs Positions with language skills require strong grammar and cultural awareness Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check Successful completion of initial training and certification testing
Data Analytics Engineer(Job Number: HAM0003OQ)  Honda Dev. and Mfg. of Am LLC  Description What Makes Honda The Best? Are you an innovator? Honda’s core values are what make our company unique.  Dreams: The Power of Dreams mentality drives our team to create intelligent products that enhance mobility and increase the joy in people’s lives. Joy and Passion: The joy we experience at Honda is fueled by our dreams and passion. Challenging Spirit: Honda’s challenging spirit pushes us to set and reach ambitious goals. Honda is voluntarily reducing 50% of carbon dioxide emissions in our products by 2050 and developing technology to reduce the number of collisions to zero by 2040. Respect for the individual: This core value pushes our associates to contribute at the highest level and work effectively on a team. If your goals and values are at the same speed as Honda’s, we want you to join our team!  About this position: North American Market Quality Department’s mission is to identify and resolve field quality problems quickly to ensure customer satisfaction and maintain quality competitiveness. Our Data Analytics Engineers review multiple data sources to evaluate, summarize and draw conclusions to identify trends that lead to countermeasure activity by our Analysis Engineers. In the Market Information Group we look for candidates who have a passion for our mission and can take responsibility to focus on Market Quality needs and strive to innovate and continuously learn.  Your responsibilities: Capable of analyzing multiple data sources (warranty claims, dealer information, manufacturing data, geographical, environmental etc.) in detail to identify quality trends and problem indicators using engineering fundamentals. Demonstrate the ability to look for data trends not previously identified through deep understanding of the data and the ability to holistically review each problem. Transform data using SQL to identify trends that lead to actionable problems. Effectively generate ideas and support building tools in order to automate analysis processes. Summarize and evaluate data, make conclusions and provide direction on problems identified. Using engineering analysis, develop a risk assessment, considering seriousness, urgency and growth of emerging market problems. Utilize predictive analytics (Forecasting) to support future growth of problems identified to ensure action is taken at the appropriate time. Ensure data integrity through testing of results. Strong communication & visualization of the data to articulate the findings. Responsible to support and direct analysis engineers with developing data queries for a specifically described problem. What you need to be successful in the role: Strong problem solving skills to ensure data is correct and responsible areas accept the results. Ability to combine engineering analysis with market data to identify warranty problems early. Strong communication skills (written, verbal, and visual) – ability to communicate market data and engineering analysis regarding conclusions that were reached. Ability to create and present market data reports to support investigations. Excellent attention to detail. Decisive in determining the importance of a market problem and its impact to customer satisfaction and future models. Development /programming of tools to improve department efficiency, eliminate repetitive tasks, and implement new warranty analysis tools/techniques. Prioritization skills to manage work load and make sound decisions for assigned team's data analysis activities. Proficient using query languages such as SQL. Experienced in Microsoft Excel (Pivot tables, Vlookup, etc.) Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. (desired) Knowledge of data gathering, cleaning and transforming techniques. (desired) Experience with common data science toolkits such as R & Python. (desired) Excel VBA Programming (desired) QlikView (Business Intelligence software) Programming (desired) Basic statistical distribution knowledge (desired)  Required Work Experience:  Minimum of 3 months co-op/internship or related experience required Required Education: BS in Computer Science, Data Analytics, Mathematics or Engineering with strong engineering aptitude or equivalent relevant experience.  A few other important details: Responsible for team's engineering data analytics on automotive products built at every Honda and Acura factory in North America (Accord, CR-V, RDX, NSX, etc.) Office environment and work from home opportunities available Travel approximately 1 time per quarter 1-3 days  We care about our associates and their wellbeing. We offer a wide range of benefits including:  Competitive total compensation 401k Plan with company contributions Flexible and valuable insurance plans Relocation assistance (if eligible) Onsite automobile service center and wellness center Development to further your career Discount on Honda products Paid time off and paid holidays
The partners at Seven Eight Capital have a long track record of successfully implementing quantitative trading strategies in the global equity markets and have delivered superior risk-adjusted returns regardless of market conditions. At Seven Eight Capital, research is about working with the smartest quants on Wall Street to better model the markets. Seven Eight is built on the idea of hiring the best research team we can, and enabling those researchers to reach their full potential. Machine Learning is critical to what we do, and we have significant in-house expertise to help keep us on top of the latest trends.  Do you want to learn about Risk Modelling, Alpha Generation, Portfolio Construction and Trade Execution? Our researchers can gain exposure to all parts of the business. And to enable our researchers, we have a top-notch technology group, producing the best tools available.  Ideal candidates will have the following skill sets:  BS / MS from top tier university with a focus on Statistics / Applied Math / Computer Science / Machine Learning & AI / Engineering. Strong Python skills for conducting research Programmer with strong hands-on OOP skills in C++ or Java. Experience in Linux scripting is a plus. Strong research skills, preference for research applied to large financial data sets. A general understanding of optimization theory, linear / non-linear models, machine learning techniques and various financial models (Risk models & T-Cost models) is a plus. Ability to clearly communicate, think independently and be an excellent problem solver. The position is well suited for an entrepreneurial spirit
There are over 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we’re all about at John Deere. And it’s why we’re investing in our people and our technology like never before! Here the world’s brightest minds are tackling the world’s biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we’ll put you to work. RIGHT NOW. Primary Location: United States (US) - Iowa - Johnston Function: Data Science & Analytics Title: Data Scientist - REMOTE - 75611 Your Responsibilities As a Data Scientist on the Asset Value Risk team, you will participate in the development, enhancement, maintenance and validation of asset value models that are used across a growing number of functions and users within John Deere Financial. You will support the communication of analytical insights from those models and associated raw data to end users, including through the development and enhancement of dashboards and other interactive tools as well as engage with end-users to ensure the effective application model output. This position is eligible for remote work at the present time. The arrangement may be delayed for training or other job acclimation purposes and remains subject to change What Skills You Need (Required skills/experiences) Strong combination of theoretical knowledge and hands-on experience in statistical techniques and machine learning, including the development and deployment of predictive models Experience with mining, cleansing, and analyzing data sets from source systems using programs such as SAS, R or Python Proficiency in R programming Demonstrated ability to apply advanced analytical techniques to drive business solutions Strong communications skills, including the ability to cogently convey advanced technical concepts to a non-analytical audience Demonstrated commitment to team success and a proactive, collaborative approach to problem solving What Makes You Stand Out (Desired skills/experiences) Experience in developing and deploying R Shiny applications Knowledge of finance and accounting concepts and financial products Experience with time series forecasting models Education Ideally you will have a degree or equivalent related work experience in the following: Bachelor's degree in Math, Actuarial Sciences, Statistics, Data Science, Engineering or other quantitative discipline. Master’s degree preferred. What You'll Get At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package. The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines. John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
LockerDome is an ad platform with a brain, designed specifically for performance-based advertising. The brain behind the platform is Neo, an in-house AI, which uses machine learning to process billions of data points and make intelligent decisions at lightning speed. Learn more at lockerdome.com. As a Data Analyst on the Data & Analytics team, you will serve as the primary decision maker for advertiser and publisher accounts. Not only will you leverage LockerDome's homegrown analytics tooling and techniques to assess and process performance data, you’ll also work closely with our sales team to create solutions that maximize success for both LockerDome and its partners. Additionally, you’ll contribute to LockerDome's code base, working with large datasets within our platform and supplemental client data to build tools that are reusable and tie directly into our data science models. This position will be part of our Austin-based team. Candidates residing in (or near) Austin, TX are preferred. Your skills should include: Degree in a scientific or quantitative field, or proven proficiency in these areasStrong command of statistics and other analytical toolsStrong technical ability in a data-focused programming language, such as R or PythonStrong business intuitionProficiency with version control software, such as GitStrong verbal and written communicationAbility to solve unique or complex problems and explain your findings in a concise, actionable mannerAbility to learn new skills and information sets quicklyWorking knowledge of the performance-based marketing and digital media landscape is a plus Responsibilities: Manage and analyze various internal and external data sets, identifying performance trends and flagging anomalies in the dataExecute routine optimizations to maximize return on investment and yield for both LockerDome and its partnersWork closely with LockerDome's sales team to package data and create solutions for clients, leveraging LockerDome's homegrown analytics tooling and techniquesContribute to LockerDome's code baseTie in to external data sources to further improve our algorithms and internal processesExecute ad hoc needs, such as developing new tooling or defining new processes as we scale This role will DuEXJUOnfa
Overview: We are not just offering a job but a meaningful career! Come join our passionate team! As a Fortune 50 company, we hire the best employees to serve our customers, making us a leader in the insurance and financial services industry. State Farm embraces diversity and inclusion to ensure a workforce that is engaged, builds on the strengths and talents of all associates, and creates a Good Neighbor culture. We offer competitive benefits and pay with the potential for an annual financial award based on both individual and enterprise performance. Our employees have an opportunity to participate in volunteer events within the community and engage in a learning culture. We offer programs to assist with tuition reimbursement, professional designations, employee development, wellness initiatives, and more! Visit our Careers page for more information on our benefits, locations and the process of joining the State Farm team! Responsibilities: As a data scientist at State Farm, you will help business partners build advanced analytic solutions to help drive results for the enterprise. You will serve not just as a subject matter expert and consultant, but also as a teacher. Through this role, you will work to increase the use of analytics for decision making across the company. Why Join Our Team: Being part of our data science team will help facilitate your professional growth across multiple development areas. First, you will strengthen your communication skills through interactions with business partners that require you to articulate statistical concepts in a non-technical way. Additionally, the variety of projects that you work on will allow you to refine your knowledge for supervised and unsupervised learning techniques. Finally, the landscape of the data science field is quickly changing, so this role includes an opportunity for practical research which equates to unbounded development opportunities for your analytic skills. Qualifications: Completed Masters, other advanced degrees, in an analytical field such as statistics, economics, data science, mathematics, quantitative marketing, operations research, management science, industrial engineering, etc.Experience with gathering and interpreting business requirements to design and create scalable data science solutions in a regulatory environment (including but not limited to insurance, healthcare, and finance).Experience with data cleansing, feature creation, feature selection, value imputation and dependent variable analysisBroad experience building different types of advanced analytic solutions, including some of the following: time series analysis, cluster analysis, tree based algorithms, generalized linear models, or neural networks.Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with multiple, diverse stakeholders across business areas and leadership levels.Exercise sound judgment to diagnose and resolve problems within an area of expertise.Proficiency with SQL and with Python, R, and/or SASFamiliarity with experimental design for business experiments and/or natural language processing techniquesKnowledge of work prioritization using the Agile frameworkFamiliarity with DevOps systems, such as GitLab **Applicants are required to be eligible to lawfully work in the U.S. immediately; employer will not sponsor applicants for U.S. work authorization (e.g. H-1B visa) for this opportunity. SFARM #LI-LP1 JT18
Citi Consumer Technology is seeking dozens of talented entry-level engineers for its Data & Analytics organization, based in Dallas, Texas, and Jacksonville, Fla. We work with a variety of technologies and are hiring across multiple teams, including Visualization, Data Engineering & Machine Learning Engineering. You’ll find more information below on our roles, our interview process, and our commitment to your growth and development. Applications are accepted year-round, with multiple start dates organized around orientation trainings. Our Organization The best way to think about Citi Consumer Technology is that we’re a tech company inside a bank. We develop software that has a variety of end users: mobile apps and websites that help our customers manage their money, desktop software that allows our customer service agents to provide help and advice, and internal databases, microservices or tools that teams at Citi rely upon every day. Our Data & Analytics team makes all of that possible, whether it’s getting data from Point A to B securely and efficiently; creating customized visualization tools for evaluating performance or forecasting outcomes; building and maintaining our Big Data pipelines; or scaling our data science models to production. No matter which team you’re part of here, you’ll be solving complex challenges alongside great people. Your Role You’d be placed into our Data & Analytics organization into one of the following roles (experience with one or more of the listed technologies is required): Data Engineer: Hadoop/Big Data Technologies, Spark, Google or AWS Cloud Development Data Solutions, Scala, Python, SQL. In this role, you will build/manage our Big Data pipelines and manage data migrations. Machine Learning Engineer: Data Engineer skillset plus experience with Machine Learning concepts, frameworks and infrastructure. Here, you will scale our data science models into production-level applications. Visualization Engineer: Angular/React, Java, Tableau. Create customized dashboards for reporting or forecasting models. This can be through full-stack web applications, Tableau or a combination of the two. During the interview process, we will work with you to determine which of these roles best suits your skills and interests. Job offers are made with a specific role in mind, so you would know your specific position well in advance of joining the company. Training Soon after joining, you’ll go through several weeks of training to better understand our applications, team structure and processes. You’ll also have a chance to dive deeper into the technical aspects of your role so that you can hit the ground running. Our goal is to equip you with the tools you need to get off to a bright start at Citi. But the learning can’t stop there. As technology evolves, you must adapt. Through access to additional instructor-led trainings and free access to thousands of hours of content via Udemy, Pluralsight and other online platforms, you’ll never stop growing your skillset. Communication/Leadership While much of your time will be spent coding or on other highly technical work, this is a highly collaborative environment that will also make use of your communication and influencing skills. Whether you’re working with a project manager to set a realistic deadline, helping demo a product to a business partner, or working with internal stakeholders like Architecture or Security, we need engineers who can clearly communicate technical concepts, be great teammates, and influence without authority. You’ll be entrusted with meaningful work that impacts our customers, and you’ll be empowered to suggest new ideas. The Most Important Thing We believe bright people can learn new things, so while the qualifications below are important, there is one that we absolutely will not compromise on: attitude. We’re looking for great teammates who are excited to learn new things, motivated to contribute, and eager to collaborate — not compete — with others. We’ve worked hard to build a supportive family environment, and we’re proud to say that candidates and new hires consistently notice it. This is a place where people look out for one other, build relationships, and help each other succeed. If that sounds like you, we’d love to have you here! Qualifications Degree, certification or commensurate skills in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics or a related field. Hands-on experience with one or more of Hadoop/Big Data Technologies, Spark, Google or AWS Cloud Development Data Solutions, Scala, Python, Machine Learning concepts/frameworks/infrastructure, Angular/React, Java, Tableau, or SQL. Ability to pass technical interviews consisting of basic algorithmic programming exercises. Must be collaborative and adaptable, with good communication skills. Experience designing and interacting with databases. Knowledge of the principles of software engineering and data analytics. System level understanding - Data structures, algorithms, distributed storage & compute. Experience with containerization and related technologies (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes) is a plus. Knowledge of agile(scrum) development methodology is a plus. Knowledge of SAS is a plus. Experience in the Financial industry is a plus. Locations: Dallas, TX; Jacksonville, FL Majors: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Development or similar. Start Dates: Rolling start dates available throughout 2021. - Job Family Group: Technology - Job Family: Digital Software Engineering - Time Type: - Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi. View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement. View the EEO Policy Statement. View the Pay Transparency Posting
Primary Location: 6305 Peachtree Dunwoody Rd, Atlanta, GA, USA Division: Cox Communications Job Level: Individual Contributor Travel: No Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Requisition Number: 215870 Cox Communications is looking for a recent graduate Data Scientist to join the Analytics Center of Excellence team. This role will be responsible for developing actionable insights and building advanced analytics solutions for Cox Communications lines of businesses. The Data Scientist is required to have strong development, systems, and problem-solving skills to enable data-driven decision making. This position also requires the ability to work both independently and on a diverse team on all analytical projects, from data preparation and cleaning to formulating solutions, model development, model training and validation, implementation, visualization and presentation of findings to stakeholders. Responsibilities: Identify, research, interpret, catalog, source, manipulate, and enrich Cox Communications structured and unstructured data assets to facilitate effective analytics. Use foundational data science methodologies to identify relationships/drivers of key metrics to improve customer experience, network performance, proactive labor routing, quality of service or operating cost. Build and maintain processes and functionalities for analytics solution needs. Prepare documentation and visualizations. Test new technologies, tools, and data. Keep up-to-date on new technologies, standards and practices. Qualifications: Minimum: Expertise with SQL and Python, or functionally similar programming languages. Strong programming skills and ability to utilize a variety of software/languages/tools Familiarity with database technology such as Oracle, Hadoop/EMR, etc. Experience in cloud based data environments is preferred Familiarity with TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, MXNet, Spark MLlib Familiarity with Tableau, or functionally similar visualization tools. Understanding of the mathematical and computational concepts behind advanced analytics algorithms and/or statistical analysis Strong communication skills. Ability to successfully comprehend and communicate business insights. Ability to work in a diverse team Preferred: Graduate degree in Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Analytics, Engineering or closely related field. 1-2 years prior experience in one of the above mentioned fields Who We Are About Cox Communications Cox Communications is committed to creating meaningful moments of human connection through broadband applications and services. The largest private telecom company in America, we proudly serve six million homes and businesses across 18 states. Were dedicated to empowering others to build a better future and celebrate diverse products, people, suppliers, communities and the characteristics that makes each one unique. About Cox We are the Cox family of businesses. Weve been making our mark since 1898 by building and evolving world-class businesses, staying true to our values, and encouraging top talent to always look for growth and impact while building a career with us. Our primary divisions - Cox Communications and Cox Automotive - are driving a new wave of innovation, powering smart cities with powerhouse broadband communications and pioneering greener, more progressive transportation alternatives for individuals and fleet operators. Were also expanding into new spaces like cleantech and healthcare to rev up our momentum toward building a better future for the next generation. Were looking for the talent today who will be our leaders tomorrow. Sound intriguing? Learn more about where we are today, where we hope youll be going with us, and the common purpose that unites us at coxenterprises.com. Benefits of working at Cox may include health care insurance (medical, dental, vision), retirement planning (401(k)), and paid days off (sick leave, parental leave, flexible vacation/wellness days, and/or PTO). For more details on what benefits you may be offered, visit our benefits page. Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individuals age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law. Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.
The Challenge: Do you want to work at the forefront of advanced technology and solve complex data challenges? You know that data yields pivotal insights when it’s gathered from disparate sources and organized. As a data engineer, you have the chance to develop and deploy the pipelines and platforms that make this data meaningful. What’s more, you’ll have the chance to help grow Booz Allen’s DataOps capabilities while working with a multi-disciplinary team of analysts, data engineers, data scientists, developers, and data consumers in a fast-paced, agile environment. We’re looking for someone like you to work with our clients and meet their mission. This is an opportunity to implement data engineering activities on some of the most mission-driven projects in the industry. You’ll have the chance to architect data systems, stand up data platforms, build out ETL pipelines, write custom code, interface with data stores, perform data ingestion, build data models. From sharing your skills in analytical exploration and examination of data to supporting the assessment, design, building, and maintenance of scalable platforms, you’ll work with our clients to solve their most pressing challenges. Ready to help drive innovation using cutting-edge data tools and techniques? This position is open to remote delivery anywhere within the U.S., to include the District of Columbia. Join us. The world can’t wait. You Have: Experience with creating software for retrieving, parsing, and processing structured and unstructured data using two programming languages, including C++, C#, Java, or Python Experience with querying databases to create reports or data extracts for visualizations or integrations Ability to design structured, unstructured, and semi-structured data models Ability to analyze data to generate synthetic data Secret clearance BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: Experience with transaction processing systems and analytical systems, including batch processing, stream processing, or graph stream processing Knowledge of data indexing mechanisms Knowledge of various consistency models Ability to support project teams with scaling, monitoring, and operating data platforms for very high availability and performance MA or MS degree in Computer Science CIS, MIS, CE, or Engineering preferred; PhD degree in Computer Science CIS, MIS, CE, or Engineering a plus Approved baseline certification for IAT Level II Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the chance to: access online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
Pay Range: $95,843 - $130,347 annually Applicants for this position can work remotely from their home! Applicants must live in Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Iowa, or Texas however due to store locations and tax purposes. At NFM, we’ve been hiring friends since 1937—people who share our passion for helping customers feel right at home. If you share our vision, we invite you to be one of us! People love working here! Glassdoor ranked Nebraska Furniture Mart in the top 50 Best Places to Work in the U.S. and here are a few reasons why: A FUN, stable work environment, with no lay-offs in our history A safe place to work and shop A path to the career of your dreams (career development opportunities) A culture that encourages volunteering and serving our communities Job Description: Your Piece of the Puzzle Do you have knowledge in computing principles, looking to take it to the next level? As NFM’s Azure Data Architect, you will have extensive knowledge in the Azure data space. You would be responsible for utilizing tools used to identify and manage unstructured and structured data. Job Duties: A Day in the Life Play Your Part: Ability to build Azure cloud architectures and provide prescriptive guidance across network, storage, Data Platform Services, serverless architectures, RDBMS & NoSQL databases, and security Be the Expert: Conduct full technical discovery, identifying pain points, business and technical requirements, “as is” and “to be” scenarios Collaborate: Work with other SMEs to design and enhance cloud-based offerings Support: Participate in deep architectural discussions to build confidence and ensure success when building new solutions and migrating existing data applications on the Grow: Learn and adapt new and emerging technologies Leave your Mark: Create technical documentation and translate solutions for stakeholders Your work will directly impact our ability to help people create a lifestyle they love, for the people they love—because that’s what we love. Benefits: What’s in It for You? As a full-time member of our NFM Family, you will enjoy: Competitive pay Health, dental, vision and life Insurance Paid holiday and paid time off Staff discount on merchandise (Collectively, NFM staff has saved almost $2 million on purchases in the last 12 months) Tuition reimbursement Paid training 401(k) with company matching Short and long-term disability Employee assistance program Career development and advancement opportunities Community volunteer opportunities NFM is an Equal Opportunity Employer Experience Preferred ��� Bachelor���s degree with area of specialization in Information Systems or related field ��� 7 years��� experience in IT preferably in retail industry ��� Proficient in distributed computing principles and has a broad experience across a set of data stores (e. g., Azure Blob Storage, Azure SQL Server, Azure COSMOS DB), messaging systems (e. g., Apache Kafka, Azure Event Hubs, Azure Service Bus), and data processing engines (e. g., Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Storm) ��� Experience working on solutions that collect, process, store and analyze business-critical data ��� Experience in designing and building both transactional and data warehouse databases and systems ��� Experience designing and building data pipelines/flows. ELT/ETL, Pub/Sub, Batch, Realtime ��� Experience working with data stewards, application owners, end users and other stakeholders to design data structures and flows ��� Experience leading a team of developers and running all technical aspects of a agile project ��� Strong communication and presentation skills. (required to prepare presentations for Senior Managers) ��� Data Science tools, technologies, and techniques (R, Python, algorithms, Azure ML Studio/Services) preferred ��� Custom Visualizations in Microsoft Power BI preferred ��� Azure Infrastructure architecture and design preferred ��� Knowledge and experience using Azure DevOps for source control, project deployment and project management preferred. ��� Azure Architecture and Data Certifications preferred ��� Basic computer skills plus knowledge of Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access) ��� Ability to work night, weekend and/or early morning hours based on business needs. ��� Pre-employment screening includes, but isn���t limited to, drug screen and criminal background check
This is a 100% remote role.No more than 3 years of experience.Summary: Data Visualization Analyst , you will be the data expert and advisor for Workforce Analytics. The position is critical in supporting multiple People Disciplines within the businessYou will have the opportunity to:Maintain weekly, monthly and quarterly workforce metrics and analysisProvide written insights on scheduled and ad hoc data analysis requestUse consulting skills to determine and articulate internal customer business questions, develop the best approach for data analysis and turn data into actionable insights & actionsSupport HR data analysis as assigned.You will love it here if…You are detail orientedYou thrive in a fast paced and high energy environmentYou are a creative and dynamic problem solverYou are committed to excellenceRequirements: We need you to have:Bachelor’s degree in a discipline such as Statistics, Data Science, Finance, Management Science or Econometrics OR Data Analytics certificate1+ years of experienceExperience building and updating data sets and visualizations in TableauExperience with data mining techniques and algorithmsIcing on the cake: Knowledge of commonly used concepts, practices and procedures used in the HR and/or manufacturing industry preferredExperience with ADP, SAP, and KronosContract length: 2 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From $30.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Tableau: 1 year (Required)Data analysis skills: 1 year (Required)Work Remotely:Yes
Who We Are:  The Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) is a private, nonprofit corporation headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia, just outside Washington, DC. IDA’s mission is to answer the most challenging U.S. security and science policy questions with objective analysis leveraging extraordinary scientific, technical, and analytic expertise. IDA operates three Federally Funded Research and Development Centers (FFRDC’s).  Why Work for IDA?  We are seeking a Research Associate to join the Test Science team within IDA’s largest division, Operational Evaluation Division (OED). The Research Associate will facilitate data-driven decision-making by developing, applying, and disseminating statistical, behavioral, and data science methodologies within IDA and the DoD. The position supports and advises mid- and senior-level civilian and military officials regarding the operational evaluation of military systems. Work involves analyzing the design, execution, and results of operational testing and associated modeling and simulation activities. The Test Science Research Associate will provide independent assessments to OSD’s Director, Operational Test and Evaluation and the Joint AI Center’s Chief of Test, Evaluation, and Assessment.  Primary Responsibilities  Provide quantitative analytic support to the government sponsor and other researchers within OED (e.g., predictive modeling, statistical analysis of human and system performance data) Assist in the preparation of documents (e.g., briefings and reports on the design, conduct, and findings of operational tests, graphs that clearly present findings from analyses, meeting materials) Develop methods for dealing with the challenges of operational testing and improving data quality (e.g., develop data management and reproducible research best practices and tutorials)  What Will You Need?  We are seeking a highly analytical person who is able to both collaborate on cutting-edge research projects while also conducting independent research that is relevant to OED’s primary task to support the DoD in evaluating how effective, suitable, and survivable military systems are under operationally realistic conditions.  Candidates must have a Master’s degree (or equivalent experience) in data science, statistics, research psychology, human-systems engineering, computer science or related discipline Candidates must have experience with statistical programming (R or Python preferred) Candidates must demonstrate basic SQL knowledge or an aptitude to learn Ability to work within multidisciplinary teams Strong interpersonal and communication skills Some travel may be required Successful completion of a background check is required.  U.S. Citizenship is required Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance is required Equal Opportunity Employer
Piper Clinical Solutions is actively seeking a Data Review Associate Scientist to work at a global biopharmaceutical company in the greater Philadelphia PA area. Responsibilities for Data Review Associate Scientist: Collect, enter, review and analyze data into LIMS system and assess for any possible deviations Assess data and calculations to determine correctness and adherence to GMP compliance Interact with scientists to catch mistakes, clarify requirements and explain necessary documentation then follow up on changes needed Verify that data analysis and reporting is consistent with assay methodology and GMP requirements. Technical Requirements for Data Review Associate Scientist: Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering, biology, chemistry or related field. Minimum 1 years hands on experience with analyzing laboratory calculations in a GMP environment within virology, analytical testing, quality control biology, or microbiology At least 1 year of experience working in a pharmaceutical or biotechnology environment. Excellent organizational skills and proven experience working in a fast-paced environment. Compensation & Benefits for Data Review Associate Scientist: Compensation: $20-30/hr based on previous salary history and experience Full Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k
If you recently graduated or will graduate within the upcoming academic year and are interested in full-time software engineering opportunities with a leading AI company in the Bay Area, please apply below and tell us a little about yourself!Responsibilities: Define scalable neural network development tools to enable effective mapping and optimization of network models developed on common NN frameworks towards BST AI SOCsDevelop automated model conversion flow that is user-friendly and generic, suitable for most common models end-user might create.Develop tools to retarget various hardware architecturesDevelop tool flow to support post-training quantization and quantization w/wo retrainingDevelop tool flow to automate the optimization search process.Develop and execute moderately complex test plans, including software functionality, integrity, and security based on industry tools and practices, departmental guidance and policies.Qualifications: You are graduating with a BS, MS, or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Applied Math, or related field.You have the ability to work independently, define project goals and scope, and lead your own development effort.Strong Python or C/C++ programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design.Ways to stand out from the crowd: Numerical methods experienceKnowledge of computer architecturePython experienceExperience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and MXNetJob Type: Full-timeSchedule:HolidaysMonday to FridayWeekend availabilityWork Location:One location
ENGINE is a media and marketing services company that exists to futureproof clients business. In a fast-changing world, we empower our clients to outperform in the present and win in the future. Driven by data. Fueled by imagination. Powered by technology. Engine is an ecosystem of creative wunderkinds, uber-nerds, business consultants, cultural mavens, and channel specialists working together to help our clients grow. With global headquarters in New York and 16 locations across North America, the UK, Europe, and Asia-Pacific, Engine offers clients a vast range of marketing solutionsincluding insights, content, distribution, data and technology.   POSITION SUMMARY:   The Associate, Data Science at ENGINE works closely with talented and seasoned researchers and data analyst across a variety of different industries. This is an exciting entry level role that will work closely with our experts for first-hand exposure to the latest business trends, advanced analytics, data engineering and more! This challenging role is designed to hone your research, communication, analytical, and client-development skills, as you work side-by-side with many of todays biggest brands.   This role will extend beyond traditional marketing science and incorporate Data Science and Data Engineering skills, to work with both structured and unstructured data sources to provide insights to business-critical decisions.   RESPONSIBILITIES:  Facilitate the creation and deployment of models, analytical results and business insights in various environments. This includes:  Explore and analyze data to uncover patterns and relationships across structured and unstructured data sources. Leverage Python and R packages to transform data as well as create and deploy statistical models. Have an understanding of cloud-based technologies (Microsoft Azure) for data engineering Support the migration of legacy tools to scalable, cloud bases solutions as required Thrive in an innovation rich environment within Data Science as well as Data Operations as a whole Continuously seek opportunities to learn, enhance, and apply analytical skills, such as: Data Manipulation Data Integration Exploratory Data Analysis Statistical Analysis Data Interpretation  Learn how to effectively manage the analytical phase of client engagements. This includes:  Learning to manage client expectations (internal and external) throughout the project lifecycle. Learn to manage the analytical process and keep scope and pricing in reasonable alignment. Support and participate in client presentations when applicable  Work closely with Senior Analysts to provide design and methodology support at the pre-sale phase as well as learn how to provide relevant and concise proposal materials with a point of view on the techniques outlined. This includes:  Learning our client's business needs and how to apply analytics across integrated data sources to uncover insights for our clients Learning how to work collaboratively across multiple departments and client facing teams to integrate Data Science capabilities Learn the use and limitations of data from various sources, big data, behavioral data, client data, and how to leverage it to solve client needs.   QUALIFICATIONS:   Learn the use and limitations of data from various sources, big data, behavioral data, client data, and how to leverage it to solve client needs. Bachelor’s Degree in STEM, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Business Analytics, Marketing & Analytics is preferred. 6 months to 2 years’ experience in tech-enabled marketing insights environment, in data analysis, market research and methodology Production level programming knowledge; worked with Python, R (Shiny applications a plus), or other machine learning packages Interest and some exposure to a variety of research methodologies, sampling design, data weighting methods, data integration, advanced analytical methods, interactive dashboard/simulators (Shiny) Passion and some knowledge of data analysis, drawing insights relative to Client’s business needs, and communicating insights Proficient in Microsoft Office: Excel, Power Point, Word Familiarity with Tableau is a plus Client centric mindset Believes in and contributes to a positive work environment Proficiency in a selection of modern data analysis tools, such as SPSS, R, Python, SQL Exposure to modern research and predictive methods Passionate about and follows recent advances in Data Science and analysis, including Machine Learning Familiar with and/or desire to learn modern database technologies and their applications Comfortable with learning and applying new technologies and methods Great interpersonal and communication skills Critical thinker and problem solver Some familiarity with structured and unstructured data sources and a desire to learn how to apply them to first party sources to create more value and insight Ability to effectively communicate with technical and non-technical colleagues Strong organizational and time management skills with the ability to prioritize tasks to meet multiple deadlines Ability to work through complex issues and take all factors large and small into account when making decisions
Principal Data Scientist Fintech Company $180,000 - $200,000 + bonus + equity Remote - offices in Utah, NYC, Montana, Pennsylvania Are you a Data Scientist with extensive commercial experience and an interest in the Fintech industry? Then this could be the role for you! This awesome company is looking to bring in another Principal Data Scientist due to the natural growth of the company and the success they have had recently. THE COMPANY: This role is at an amazing Fintech Company that is transforming the financial services industry with blockchain technology. They are getting a huge demand from other lenders and investors to leverage their platform. They are building a platform that scales not only for them but for everyone as well. RESPONSIBILITIES: Lead projects and own major initiatives Use credit bureau data to determine if a person has defaulted on payments. Use behavioral and graphic data to understand behavioral patterns for shopping, etc. Develop custom models and algorithms to apply to large datasets, as well as processes for monitoring, and analyzing their performance. Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business decisions. SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelor's required. Master's and Ph.D. are strongly preferred. Machine Learning modeling experience with techniques in deep neural networks, classification, and tree-based methods Experience developing production-level machine learning models. Experience with Python and cloud platforms Extensive full-time relevant industry experience. BENEFITS: Compensation package is a combination of base salary + a bonus opportunity + equity + a comprehensive benefits package. HOW TO APPLY: Please register your interest by sending your CV via the Apply link on this page. KEY TERMS: Data Science, Data Scientist, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, classification, tree-based methods, python, AWS, Azure, GCP, Google Cloud Platform, credit, credit risk
Job Description The US Structured Equity team within JPMorgan Asset Management is looking for a data scientist who will join its New York office. This individual will analyze large datasets - both structured and unstructured - to find patterns that improve our investment and research processes. The Data Scientist will engage in all aspects of the process, from data identification and collection, to preprocessing, to model selection and presentation. They will work with stakeholders and subject matter experts to understand problems and then find innovative, practical solutions. The job responsibilities will include, but not be limited to, the following:  Identify valuable data sources Aggregate data and perform data preprocessing Analyze large amounts of information to discover patterns and trends Build predictive models Present information using data visualization techniques, and make recommendations Collaborate with Tech and investment teams to develop user-friendly tools Qualifications  1-3 years of related data science/research experience Experience developing and deploying Natural Language Processing (NLP) solutions required A demonstrable interest in data science, financial markets and investing An understanding of the state of the art in data science and the ability to explain core principals and approaches The ability to interpret complex data and succinctly present conclusions in a simple, actionable way Experience in a statistical programming language (Python preferred) Familiarity with data management tools and visualization techniques Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, and ability to thrive in a team environment are critical JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve national intelligence. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, develop automated data cleaning algorithms and data rescaling algorithms, develop the capability to support both ranges and precise integers within automated data discretization algorithms, develop algorithms or scripts to automate consistent data formatting, natural language processing, and scripts to find and select data and logically aggregate data and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help our customers make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. As a technical leader, you’ll identify new opportunities to use data science solutions to help your customers meet their toughest challenges. Join us as we use data science for good in national intelligence. Empower change with us. You Have: 1+ year of experience within data science or machine learning engineering, including in an academic or professional environment Experience with developing software in a high-level language, including Java, C, C++, Python, or R Experience with ML, AI, and data quality analytics Experience with deploying applications in a Cloud environment Knowledge of developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to open-source software, version control systems, including GitHub or Git, or software integration or testing, including analyzing and implementing test plans and scripts Active TS/SCI clearance; willingness to take a polygraph exam BA or BS degree required Nice If You Have: Experience with NLP or Spacy a plus Experience with the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) and JSON or BSON, Apache Spark or Apache Storm, data visualization tools or packages, and data mining or deep learning techniques Experience with designing and developing automated analytic software, techniques, and algorithms, large-scale data integration for Nifi and Kafka, and implementing relational and NoSQL large-scale data architectures Experience with Agile SAFe, MapReduce programming, distributed scalable Big Data store or NoSQL, including Accumulo, Cloudbase, HBase, or Bigtable Knowledge of Spark, Delta Datalake, Zeppelin, AWS C2S, or Quality Metrics MS degree in Data Science, CS, Physics, Statistics, Mathematics, Earth Science, Geographic Information Science, or Quantitative Social Sciences preferred; PhD degree a plus AWS Solutions Architect or AWS Certified Solutions Developer Certification Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required. Build Your Career:  At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the chance to: Access online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk Change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition Participate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. ID13
Equivalent Experience  ***Must be eligible for a DoD Secret-level clearance!*** Description: Pharmacy Data Warehouse Service/Support SME The Pharmacy Data SME shall possess subject matter expert on pharmacy data warehousing and analysis and shall be a Licensed Pharmacist and possess no lower than a Doctor of Pharmacy Degree (Pharm.D) as well as a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D) Degree with an emphasis in Pharmaceutical Outcomes, Policy and Pharmacy Informatics. The Pharmacy Data SME must have no less than 1 year of experience working with Military Health System (MHS) Pharmacy Data specifically the Pharmacy Data Transaction System (PDTS). He/she shall also possess 1 year of experience working with MHS health data in MDR/M2/AHLTA/Essentris/CHCS and advanced expertise using advanced analytics tools including ‘SAS’, ‘R’, ‘SQL’, ‘Python,’ and ‘Hadoop’. The DHA is going through a large consolidation of data, systems, networks and applications. This team in particular is working with all of these data sets from military medical treatment facilities across the world. This includes data from Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force and even some of Tri Care. This team is pulling in all of this data to use predictive analytics to allow researchers and doctors to be able to predict, study and avoid future illness. From meeting with Cliff: The primary responsibilities of this resource will be from their pharmaceutical background. They will be using sql server, teradata, AWS, and spreadshift. For data science they use data pools and DHA electronic medical records (EMR) data that is legacy based. Someone with Genesis exposure would also be helpful. The EMR data is from Sunrise/Allscripts company. They use excel and Sharepoint plus Tableau for data end results. The program uses data from AWS to flow it to other partners. The requests come from researchers, grants, and high up leadership (Chris Nicols and above). All data is from the DHA. Someone with a Masters' is preferred and a pharmaceutical/medical/clinical background that's from academia, commercial, or practicing. Top needs are: pharmaceutical knowledge, running sql code, and study of design/pharmaceutical, or medical knowledge. Some modeling/machine learning exposure would be helpful. Also using python, sas, and r. Skills: SAS, SQL, R, Python, data, pharmaceutical industry Top Skills Details: SAS,SQL,R,Python,data,pharmaceutical industry Additional Skills & Qualifications: Looking for someone with a medical or pharmaceutical background - either commercial or academic Experience Level: Expert Level About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
This opportunity is located in San Diego, CA. Remote friendly during COVID-19  You can apply to the job with this email address: algo__data_science_engineer_4d21f8772us@ivy.greenhouse.io   Opportunity Overview  Build systems that evaluate the performance of every part of the self-driving stack  Help set the direction for the entire company in a data-driven way  Responsibilities  Work with massive datasets on data association, clustering, segmentation, filtering, machine learning, feature engineering, and inference  Establish effective benchmarking pipelines to evaluate self-driving system in complex and nuanced situations  Develop and deploy novel approaches to solve open-ended problems  Closely collaborate with other teams to conduct system design, integration and testing  Requirements  M.S./B.S. degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or other related fields  Solid knowledge in one or more of the following fields: machine learning, data mining, anomaly detection, clustering, causal inference, feature engineering  Strong coding skills in Python  Preferred  Publications in related conferences and/or journals  Perks  Relocation Assistance, Stock Options  Full Kitchen with unlimited snacks and fruits, free breakfast lunch, and dinner from an array of local restaurants.  Shape the landscape of autonomous driving  Gym membership, Learning/Education Budget  Bonus,  Work Visa Sponsorship available. TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above-listed items.   This opportunity is located in San Diego, CA. Remote friendly during COVID-19  You can apply to the job with this email address: algo__data_science_engineer_4d21f8772us@ivy.greenhouse.io   Brown University, California Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University, Columbia University, Cornell University, Dartmouth College, Duke University, Georgia Institute of Technology, Harvard University, Harvey Mudd College, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, North Carolina State University, Northwestern University, Princeton University, Purdue University, Rice University, Rose - Hulman Institute of Technology, Stanford University, Tufts University, University of California â€” Berkeley, University of California â€” Los Angeles, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, University of Maryland-College Park, University of Massachusetts-Amherst, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, University of Notre Dame, University of Pennsylvania, University of Southern California, University of Texas Austin, University of Washington, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Williams College, Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI), Yale University, MIT, CMU, Waymo, Uber, Facebook, Uber, Amazon, Cruise, Tesla, Argo AI, Baidu, DIDI, Zoox, Nutonomy, Nuro, Aptiv, Pony.Ai, Kodiak, Toyota, Nissan, GM, Ford, VW, Autonomous Car, Autonomous Driving, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep learning, Perception, Prediction, Planning, Control, Anduril Industries, Sift, Nauto, Tempus, Salesforce, Automation Anywhere, SenSat, Phrasee, Defined Crowd, Pymetrics,Siemens, Socure, AEye, Rev.com, Suki.ai, Verkada, DataVisor, People.ai, AlphaSense, Icertis, Casetext, Blue River Tech, Nvidia, Bright Machines, Orbital Insight, Brighterion, H2O, Intel, Clarifa, X.ai, Zebra Medical Vision, Iris AI, Freenome, Neurala, Akamai, Zoho, ServiceNow, SalesForce, Oracle, Tableau,Splunk,Cvent, Veeam,Atlassian, DocuSign, Dropbox, Veeva Systems, Proofpoint, Cornerstone, Qualtrics. New Relic, Okta, Intralinks, MuleSoft, Freshworks, Slack, Twilio, Anaplan, Stripe, Workfront, Smartsheet, Zuora, OutSystems, Coupa, Cylance, Elastic, Zoom, SailPoint, BlackLine, iCIMS, Digitate, Qualys, Kareo, DataStax, DiscoverOrg, Siteimprove, Druva, Centrify, Looker, SimilarWeb, Odoo, Kyriba, Sumo Logic, Sisense, PagerDuty, DigitalOcean, Liquid Web, Zaloni, Databricks, ServiceTitan, Fastly, SnapLogic, Mendix, Couchbase, Egnyte, Seismic, Bill.com, Justworks, Collibra, ActiveCampaign, Schoology, SalesLoft, Cylynt,
Summary Posted: Jun 18, 2021 Role Number:200256811 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. The people here at Apple don’t just craft products - they build the kind of wonder thatʼs revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Are you interested in being part of a team that continues to innovate the way people and machines interact? The launch of Siri was a defining moment in the history of Artificial Intelligence. Siri offers a faster, easier way to get things done on your Apple devices, even before you ask. Millions of people now use Siri to send messages, play their favorite song or even take a selfie. The AI/ML team is passionate about technology with a focus on enriching the customer experience. We are looking for a motivated Annotation Analyst that demonstrates active listening, integrity, acute attention to detail, and is passionate about impacting our customer's experience. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. This position will be based at the Center Lake corporate campus in Austin, TX. Key Qualifications Fluency in the Russian language with excellent comprehension, grammar and proofreading skills Excellent English reading comprehension and writing skills Highly organized with strong attention to detail Excellent active listening skills with the ability to understand verbal nuances in Russian dialect, including the variations across different provinces and territories Demonstrates attention to detail and critical thinking skills in evaluation of Siri’s language usage and dialect Ability to independently navigate systems and tools Demonstrates integrity and focuses on customer privacy Experience in content review or a similar environment, prior testing experience preferred Demonstrates flexibility and adaptability to changing work-flows and responsibilities Grows with a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomed Excels at working independently to make timely decisions and take appropriate actions Experience as an end user of Siri, similar Intelligent Personal Assistants, or other AI Successfully meets or exceeds targets, working within tight deadlines Ability to identify business process solutions that increase efficiencies Ability to maintain focus and aim for high results through large volumes of tasks Description Our team is comprised of very talented individuals, who are passionate about AI/ML and ensuring Apple services are at their best. As part of the Annotation Team you'll play a central role in enhancing the user experience. We work in a fast paced, dynamic, technology focused environment. As an Annotation Analyst, you'll listen and transcribe audio files and evaluate Siri’s response and language usage, from customers who have opted in to the grading program. You'll use your language and cultural knowledge, along with analytical skills, to evaluate responses against guidelines. Your flexibility and the ability to prioritize tasks is essential. We focus on the user experience, thinking creatively on how customers use Siri and use this knowledge for improvements. Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us build the ideas that move all of us forward. We'll train you to be an expert in understanding, supporting and improving the customer experience. This position comes with competitive pay, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, and employee discount. We are seeking applicants with fluency in the Russian language. Education & Experience Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience preferred Additional Requirements Ability to work Monday- Friday from 8:00am-5:00pm local time; with scheduling and work flexibility based on business needs Able to meet minimum typing speed of 40 WPM Positions with language skills require strong grammar and cultural awareness Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check Successful completion of training and certification testing
A New York City services company has a Remote opportunity awaiting a new Artificial Intelligence Labeling Specialist. Responsibilities:  The Artificial Intelligence Labeling Specialist (Remote) will be responsible for: Helping to train artificial neural networks to understand human language, which will allow the company to build cutting edge technology to make search work better Being on the front lines and analyzing text and words for their meaning and semantics Performing essential data entry that makes everything work Handling other duties, as needed Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in a related field Bilingual (English and Japanese) Working knowledge of Slack, Google Suite, and/or Zoom Solid problem solving and time management skills Great interpersonal skills Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) Strong attention to detail Highly organized Desired Skills: Strong interest in learning about Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
DATA ENGINEERING MANAGER SPORTS BETTING NYC METROPOLITAN AREA $180,000 - $200,000 A mainstay within the global sports betting and gambling industry has touched down in New York and is looking for a Data Engineering Manager. This company handles bets all across Europe and is now capitalizing on the vertical's changing climate here in the United States. THE COMPANY This company was founded around its love of sports almost two decades ago, and it is now a mainstay within the gaming space worldwide. They have merged technology and gaming to bring a seamless platform to their customer base and are now expanding their data team. You will have the pleasure of working to bring joy to sports fans around the world. THE ROLE - Data Engineering Manager As Data Engineering Manager, you will be wearing many hats, getting the opportunity to work with many technologies. You will be working daily with ETL pipelines as a traditional Data Engineer. You will also be working with the Business Intelligence team to provide data models and track KPIs. Additional responsibilities include: Developing, maintaining, and optimizing the data platform and ecosystem with the help of your team Reporting directly to the Managing Director, and working with the Data Product team to work with other stakeholders throughout the company Communicating the direction of the data projects to the engineering team, as well as adjacent teams Working with members of the data science team to help build and optimize the company's product. YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE: Degree educated in a numerical discipline (computer science or relevant field) Experience building ETL pipelines with AWS Commercial experience using Python and SQL, as well as BI tools like Tableau or Looker Professionally experience with data streaming and data scheduling tools Experience mentoring and leading a team in some capacity BENEFITS: As Data Engineering Manager you can expect to earn up to $200,000 (depending on experience), 401k, medical, dental, vision, and more. HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your resume to Danny Macdonald via the Apply link on this page. KEYWORDS: Data Engineer, Data Engineering Manager, Python, SQL, Business Intelligence, Tableau, Looker, PowerBI, ETL Pipeline, Kafka, Data Streaming, Data Leadership, Spark
Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet We are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we’re so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet’s Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we’re wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you’re looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us! A Data Engineering Analyst’s role involves discovering underlying trends in data, deriving value-add information from these trends, and driving their implementation to drive revenue. Data Engineering Analysts utilize product metadata and data from external vendors to pursue value-driven growth. Data Engineering Analysts perform analytics on Global People Data tools, products, and systems, to ensure that they are maintaining or exceeding expected quality metrics, and detect variations and changes in underlying data before they become customer-facing. Essential Key Responsibilities/Job Summary Perform analysis on large datasets to make and implement recommendations for maximizing customer experience Take ownership of existing internal applications for further development/improvements Work closely with related groups to ensure business continuity Work as a member of one or more agile teams, using lean principles and SCRUM methodology Strong communication skills, in order to represent the group externally. Education/Experience and Competencies Bachelor’s degree (preferable in computer science, mathematics, data science, or a related field) Data analysis and data visualization experience (1-3 years) Experience with Python and/or SQL (1-3 years)Strong collaboration skills Ability to work independently to deliver critical projects on time #LI-PD1 Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law. View the EEO is the Law poster here and its supplement here. View the pay transparency policy here.  We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified candidates and employees. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to acquisitiont@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.
Job Description: The Wall Street Journal is looking for a data analyst to help deliver critical data-driven insights and visualizations of them for the newsroom. These insights will be presented to senior editors, product managers and executives, and will help guide strategy across content areas and multiple ongoing projects. Through this work, you will also contribute meaningfully to the creation of new dashboards and metrics for WSJ’s newsroom and Digital Experiences and Strategy (DXS) teams. The Journal has a large digital audience that is quickly growing. As we grow, we are dedicated to understanding all of our audiences and the value we provide them. You will be part of the News Insights team, which is using data science and predictive modeling to help us engage better with our audiences. It’s important to have an enthusiasm for news and the public mission of journalism in this job. The Journal is the most trusted news outlet in the country, and we have made great strides in recent years in integrating audience insights into the newsroom. While you may start the job remotely, you will eventually be based in our New York office and report to the Journal’s director of data science. You will: Manage, organize and present data in a clear, concise and actionable format Turn raw data into visual insights to help support newsroom decisions Teach editors, reporters and others around the newsroom how to use tools and think about audience data Help create clear and useful dashboards, preferably with Google data studio You have: Candidates with 1-3 years of experience preferred, but we're open to less professional experience depending on skills and relevant project work. The ability to be flexible with your workflow and manage multiple assignments Experience cleaning and manipulating messy data Proficiency in SQL Excellent time management skills, eagerness to learn and a desire to seek and give feedback Top candidates will have strengths in one or more areas of the following: Knowledge of Python (preferred) or R Experience with Google data studio Experience with Linux and cloud-based services Knowledge of data analytics platforms, including Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Parse.ly or Chartbeat LI-JA1-WSJ Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com. Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: NEWS/WSJ Job Category: News/Editorial Group About Us The Wall Street Journal is a global news organization that provides leading news, information, commentary and analysis. The Wall Street Journal engages readers across print, digital, mobile, social, and video. Building on its heritage as the preeminent source of global business and financial news, the Journal includes coverage of U.S. and world news, politics, arts, culture, lifestyle, sports, and health. It holds 38 Pulitzer Prizes for outstanding journalism. The Wall Street Journal is published by Dow Jones, a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV). If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view "Find Jobs - Dow Jones." Thank you. Req ID: 24905
ArcBest is a logistics company with creative problem solvers who deliver integrated solutions for complex supply chain challenges.Wanting to join the ArcBest family? In our search for top talent, we are looking for those that will further enable us to deliver on our vision and fully support our values-driven culture.Currently, we are looking for a VOC Analyst to join the ArcBest team. The Voice of Customer (VOC) Analyst contributes to ArcBest’s success by providing customer research analysis across customer touchpoints, representing the voice of the customer to advocate a customer-focused approach to business. This position completes analyses, identifies root causes of customer issues/pain points, and delivers concise, impactful summary of findings. The VOC Analyst builds surveys, implements changes within the survey platform, tracks survey results, and deploys surveys/feedback tools across digital properties.Your contribution may include:Design and execute effective surveys across VOC platforms.Analyze, report, and track information to identify data patterns and customer pain points. Uses multiple sources of data including structured and unstructured customer data, benchmarks, and operational data.Capture and manage the complete voice of the customer while anticipating and identifying key challenges and opportunities within the customer journey.Interpret VOC data, satisfaction (SAT) score drivers, conduct statistical analyses, and develop holistic insights.Engage in dialogue with stakeholders to understand the scope and impact of any potential causes or changes to the customer experience to aide in interpretation of VOC insights.Contribute to the development of an enterprise VOC solution, including technical implementation of new VOC platforms/systems/tools, vendor onboarding and management, integration, and ongoing data integrity maintenance. Requires technical/code-level understanding of tools (e.g. Qualtrics, Medallia) and ArcBest data warehouses.Support senior manager with internal partner consultation, project coordination and execution, research initiatives, and budget planning.Provide collaborative ad-hoc decision support and represent the voice and needs of customers among internal partners.Work closely with business leaders and marketing teams to define the most important research questions and insights, conduct qualitative and quantitative research, facilitate synthesis to get to compelling insights and work with CX to turn insight into action.Develop and execute ad-hoc research initiatives as needed.Distill research findings to clear and compelling presentations, data visualizations and/or infographics and continually up-level the research through impactful storytelling.Maintain a positive attitude in a highly intense environment.Work in a team setting to accomplish department goals.Be available to senior management for the purpose of providing exact and reliable information and consultation.Other duties and projects, as assigned.As the VOC Analyst, you will be a member of the ArcBest Customer Experience team in Fort Smith, AR. Work hours are generally 8:00 am – 5:00 pm with occasional irregular hours depending on workload. Ready to apply? Before doing so, please make sure you meet the minimum requirements:Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business, Data Science, or Data Analytics, preferred.Experience: Minimum, one-year experience using SQL with customer data warehouses for query writing and analysis, preferred.Computer Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite. Knowledge of computer information systems and data analysis.If you require accommodation in the application process, please contact us at (479) 785-8963. An Equal Opportunity Employer including Vet/Disability.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $50,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:SQL: 1 year (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes
Job Description Responsible for statistical support of assigned group. Activities include: Consulting with managers, engineers, and technicians on engineering methodologies, data analysis, and experimental design. Training activities include delivering applied statistics courses locally and at supplier sites. Responds to customer/client requests or events as they occur. Develops solutions to problems utilizing formal education and judgement. This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly. Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position.  Minimum Qualifications: Candidate must have a Masters or Ph.D. degree in Engineering, Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics or related degree with 3+ months of experience in application of engineering statistics. Inside this Business Group As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art - from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth Other Locations  US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance.
New York, NY Type: Full-time Min. Experience: Some Experience We are seeking a Data Scientist who is passionate about cryptocurrencies and AI-driven data analysis. This role offers a unique opportunity to join a small team with great growth potential. The ideal candidate is a self-starter with a very strong technical and academic background who is eager to take on new challenges in an emerging industry. Responsibilities: Work to analyze data related to trading in the cryptocurrency markets, and related consumer behavior. Design solutions for blockchain/crypto specific problems. Advance existing initiatives and pursue new, previously unexplored topics. Required qualifications: Advanced degree in physics, statistics, computer science, electrical engineering, or a related quantitative and analytical discipline. Demonstrated capacity to perform first-class research. Exceptional modeling abilities. Experience working with large data sets. Strong programming skills, preferably in Python, C++, and/or Java. Curious, self-motivated, and resourceful with a strong attention to detail. Able to work independently as well as collaboratively. Able to communicate complex ideas clearly. Desired qualifications: 1 to 4 years analyzing large data sets in professional setting. Knowledge of the cryptocurrency domain preferred.
Summary Here at Malibu Boats, the Marketing Data Scientist will work closely with internal teams and external partners to improve marketing effectiveness across 5+ boat brands through data & analytics capabilities. Experience across technical data requirements/processes, data mining, data reporting, and commercial leverage of data to win in the marketplace is sought. This includes: Measurement of both offline and online campaigns and activities through the development/use/automation of marketing analytics. The role is responsible for identifying and mobilizing marketing data sources, ensuring data quality, mining data and conducting analyses, reporting out, and championing recommendations for putting learnings into action. Oversight of the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd party data collected and used by marketing. This includes oversight of customer and dealer surveys, other marketing data ingestion needs, data integration, and analytics tools/solutions. This role helps maintain data quality, security, sharing, and catalogs. Key working partnerships are with Brand teams, IT, and external digital agencies/service partners. Knowledge of marketing-related data tools is needed, such as Google Analytics (including Google Tag Manager), HubSpot/Salesforce, Customer/Consumer Data Platforms, Epsilon, Axiom, LiveRamp, Cognos, and Tableau/Power BI. Note this is a singular such role in a fledgling digital marketing team that requires its holder to thrive in being hands-on, scrappy, agile and entrepreneurial. While occasional remote work is definitely okay, befitting applicants would actually want to work in the office on a regular basis to collaborate in person. Separately, authentic passion for boating is a plus. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Marketing Measurement & Reporting Improve capabilities to measure marketing efforts across dealers, offline activities, websites and online campaigns through a quarterly scorecard process. Lead the development, upkeep and utilization of KPI dashboards. Engage Marketing teams and partners on how metrics, knowledge, and efforts can be leveraged for decision-making Make recommendations and coordinate efforts for new measurement data to be added to measure ROI/spending productivity. Define the value of leads that come from various sources and track their flow/follow-through. Measure campaign and marketing channel effectiveness, including attribution modeling. 1st/2nd/3rd Party Data Strategy, Oversight & Mining Work with the Brands & IT to solidify and enable the data strategy and accumulation of actionable 1st, 2nd, 3rd party data needed to effectively campaign to current customers and new prospects. Oversee 1st party data survey efforts across current customers, and work in partnership with a Digital Marketing Manager and outside agencies towards an effective CDP [Customer Data Platform] that yields priority fit-for-use data. Mine data among own brands and competitors to identify patterns, trends and insights that can lead to actions towards competitive advantage. Assist with driving API data-sharing efforts throughout the dealer network. Oversee dealer surveys designed to evaluate and strengthen partnerships. Work closely with partners to ensure data security, privacy, and usage compliance. Website and Online Campaign Support Support the Brands online campaign processes, including standardizing and improving campaign requests, administration, and measurement processes. Work with Brands and partners to enhance and improve campaigns based on data-based insights, analytics and/or new data availability. SEO/SEM is a particular emphasis area for improvement. Assist with shaping the analytics and business intelligence strategy for CRM Marketing. Influence and Collaborate Interact with various partners and serve as a connector between relevant parties, including Brand teams, Sales, Senior Management, Data Partner Providers such as Rollick/Avala, Qualtrics and Epsilon, SaaS Solution Providers such as HubSpot, and digital agencies. . Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Have a college degree, ideally with a concentration in Data Science, Business Infomatics, or Data & Analytics. Have prior work experience demonstrating the following: Ability to see critical data gaps and then develop and drive pragmatic solutions to solve Strong data analysis skills Experience with data management, data platforms and various self-service tools Understanding of digital marketing channels and tactics Experience with campaign management tools, marketing audiences and digital marketing models Experience with Google Analytics, marketing measurement and attribution modeling Understands and applies data methodology, security, and quality governance principles Our Ideal Candidate Will: Be a results-oriented individual with influencing/collaboration capability who builds partnerships and manages strong relationships across multiple stakeholders both internal and external. Thrive in hands-on. This is a role in an emerging capability area that needs to be developed in an evolutionary way and worked with sleeves-rolled-up. Resources will need to go beyond conceiving to also doing. The needed mindset is one of resourcefulness and being “patiently impatient.” Possess strong verbal and written communication skills that stakeholders understand and has them seeking out and wanting more. Exhibit strong presentation, negotiation, and conflict resolution skills. Employ a strong learning orientation and curiosity in approaches to data collection and utilization. Require very limited supervision – can work with broad outlined objectives, develop methods to achieve results, and thrive where work is judged on results/outcomes. Education and/or Experience College Degree Required - Advanced Analytics a plus. Prior successful application of skills in Marketing arena(s) a must.
Full Time - Exempt Role: Provide expertise in the areas of data visualization, SQL querying, and SQL development. The Data Analyst will assist with evaluating and enhancing the development and maintenance of the credit unions data warehouse and data visualization tool. The Data Analyst will assist in the development of data visualizations while improving the semantic layer that gets exposed to business users. A strong analytical mind with the ability to translate raw data into easily understood executive briefs, the ideal candidate will possess a blend of strong communication skills mixed with technical expertise.  Essential Functions & Responsibilities: E 50% Develop, implement, analyze, and support methodologies of the data program, including data warehousing and data visualization. E 15% Work on cross-functional projects and/or serve on multi-functional teams and help drive design/development and successful implementation and monitoring of initiatives through measurement of results and ongoing evolution to meet members’ needs. E 10% Utilize multiple data sources and data sets, layer, link, aggregate, analyze, synthesize, and interpret data to develop insights. E 10% Develop platforms, structure, and architecture for data. E 10% Lead training sessions for other departments on how to effectively utilize the Business Intelligence (BI) portal. Communicate analysis to appropriate personnel. N 5% Performs other duties as assigned. Performance Measurements: Assist with evaluating, enhancing, developing, implementing and maintaining a data warehouse and data visualization tool. Lead training sessions for each business area on how to access and view data in the BI portal. Serves as a member of the data governance committee and assists the CFO with the duties of the committee. Assists in maintaining the credit unions data governance program, ensuring standards are up-to-date and well organized. Develop and refine methodologies using analytical tools, historical data, and other appropriate information in a manner consistent with market modeling. Utilizing multiple data sources and data sets, layer, link, aggregate, analyze, synthesize, and interpret data to develop insights. Perform data mining, statistical analysis, trend and variance analysis, and “what if” scenarios to assist with operational decisions and in achieving strategic goals. Package and convey findings in a relevant, timely and meaningful manner in a clear, concise, and cohesive story summarizing insights from analysis. Identify opportunities and methodologies to deepen member relationships. Drive the collection of new data and research as needed. Work on cross-functional projects and/or serve on multi-functional teams and help drive design/development and successful implementation and monitoring of initiatives through measurement of results and ongoing evolution to meet members’ needs. Keep abreast of new developments in the data/business intelligence space and credit union/banking industry. Knowledge and Skills:  Experience - A minimum of one year of similar or related experience. Similar or related experience includes collecting, integrating, processing, and analyzing data. Intermediate skills in SQL Querying/Development and Data Visualization Development (SSRS, Power BI, Domo, Tableau, etc.) are required. Python experience preferred but not required. Expert level Microsoft Excel skills are required. Must also be proficient in Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, and creation of visuals including charts and graphs.  Education - Bachelor’s degree from an accredited 4-year college or university. Preference in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Finance, Business Marketing, or other quantitative or analytical disciplines.  Interpersonal Skills - Work involves extensive personal contact with others and is of a personal or sensitive nature. Motivating, influencing, and/or training others is key at this level. Outside contacts become important and fostering sound relationships with other entities (companies and/or individuals) becomes necessary and often requires the ability to influence and/or sell ideas or services to others. Other Skills - Solid understanding of statistical methods and algorithms. Demonstrated ability to think creatively and solve problems, anticipate roadblocks, and recommend effective implementation plans designed to drive results and balance ROI. Ability to effectively communicate with non-technical users. Physical Requirements Involves sitting most of the time.Walking and standing are required occasionally.Repetitive finger movements to perform typing or otherwise working with paper files and documents.Require close visual acuity to prepare and analyze date and figures; view a computer terminal; read; and assess work quality.  Work Environment - Not substantially exposed to adverse environmental conditions. Service 1st Federal Credit Union provides equal opportunity without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religious creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law in employment and in our business activities. 4kU3Ffs7UF
Job Details Apply Save Print this job Email a Friend
Talentech is located in Monmouth Junction NJ, which is a leader in pharmaceutical staffing and CRO. Our goal: help our clients develop their technology, deliver business-critical applications to improve performance, and make them more successful in their career path.Talentech Consulting LLC is looking for entry-level Statistical Programmer (s) to work on the assigned clinical research project at our company site. The duties include but not limited to:Prefer BA/BSc or higher degree in Statistics or Biostatistics, Mathematics, Life Sciences or other related scientific subject, or work experience equivalentExcellent SAS data manipulation, analysis and reporting skillsAbility to provide quality output and deliverablesAbility to write, test, and validate SAS programs, and review resulting output and data.Good knowledge of Clinical Data Interchange Standards Consortium (CDISC) Study Data Tabulation Model (SDTM) and Analysis Data Model (ADaM) standards and the principles on which it is foundedFamiliarity with drug development life cycle and experience with the manipulation, analysis and reporting of clinical trials dataWillingness and ability to learn and follow standard processes and proceduresAbility to work effectively on multiple tasks or projectsExcellent oral and written English communication skillsJob Type: Full-timePay: $60,000.00 - $75,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Exponent is a leading engineering and scientific consulting firm that brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve the most pressing and complicated challenges facing stakeholders today. Our vision is to engage the brightest scientists and engineers to empower clients with solutions for a safe, healthy, sustainable and technologically complex world. We leverage over 50 years of experience in analyzing accidents and failures to advise clients as they innovate their technologically complex products and processes, ensure the safety and health of their users, and address the challenges of sustainability.  We offer opportunities for you to expand your engineering or scientific knowledge amidst experts from top programs at over 500 universities. At Exponent, you will apply your experience, technical skills, and prior academic research to a fulfilling career in consulting. You will have the opportunity to develop continuously through formal and informal development programs, coaching and mentoring, and involvement in a wide array of projects. We are excited about your interest in joining our growing team!  Key statistics:  1100+ Team members 900+ Consultants 550+ Ph.D.s 30+ Offices globally  We are currently seeking a Data Scientist for our Data Sciences Practice in Menlo Park. In this role, you will work as part of a team to plan and execute global data collection efforts, utilize and improve next-generation products, and optimize internal and external programs to support clients in the consumer electronic industry.  You will be responsible for:  Supporting a range of consulting activities related to large-scale global programs involving human subjects research including protocol development, data collection, data management, and analysis Providing operational support for prototype hardware and software systems including system validation and troubleshooting Actively solving technical and logistical problems in a fast-paced environment Creating and leading ad hoc interdisciplinary teams comprised of consultants from Data Sciences, Human Factors, Health Sciences, and Engineering Sciences Developing data analysis and visualization tools related to project management, demographics, and human-centered data  You will have the following skills and qualifications:  Ph.D. in Statistics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related engineering/scientific field (such as Applied Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Applied Physics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Robotics or Computational Biology) Demonstrated experience and expertise in one or more of the following areas: Advanced sensing technology Data Analysis and Visualization Prototyping Operations optimization Machine learning The desire to work with a diverse set of clients and engage in work outside of the traditional data science field Strong practical engineering ability combined with leadership and project management skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently and in multidisciplinary teams Ability to travel to a variety of global locations to support project work (up to 30% travel) Proficiency with a variety of programming languages, operating systems, and web services is preferred, such as: Linux, Python, R, C++, SQL, AWS, Azure, etc.  To learn more about life at Exponent and our impact, please visit the following links:  https://info.exponent.com/our-impact  www.exponent.com/careers/grad-students  We value and encourage diversity and inclusivity across all facets of our firm. Having a team built of people with different backgrounds, skills and perspectives allows us to provide better value to our clients and enjoy an enriched work environment.  Our firm is committed to offering a variety of programs and resources to support health and well-being. We believe that providing competitive benefits as well as compensation and recognition programs empowers our staff to do work that makes a difference.  Exponent is a proud equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected status.  If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, you may call us at +1 (650) 688-6968 or email hr@exponent.com.
We are supporting the hiring needs for an analytical and enthusiastic Client Operations Analyst! This individual will be responsible for monitoring the performance of portfolios and investments using cutting edge analytics, proprietary software and Excel-based data management software. Our strong, knowledgeable team is responsible for managing the operations of client portfolios, maintaining accurate performance information, and collaborating with relationship management teams in preparing performance reports and special projects. As part of the Client Operations group, the Analyst will work closely various departments within the broader Operations team. The successful candidate must be able to demonstrate a willingness and aptitude to learn, as well as exemplify accountability and ownership of the work product and processes. All interested individuals are encouraged to apply!ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Respond to client and fund investor questions and special requests (analyze reports/informational requests), interact with Relationship Managers to ensure that the required level of client service is being provided.Prepare quarterly and annual reports for clients.Maintain a working knowledge of assigned client portfolios and the investments within these portfolios.Work within a team dynamic to produce client deliverables leveraging various resources within the firm.Maintain a working knowledge of assigned tasksCommunicate with representatives of investment partnerships to ensure the timely receipt of inquiries and financial information.Execute daily work and timely completion of assigned tasks per the specific procedures and guidelines to meet internal and external regulatory control requirements.Reconciling data to third party dataGathering, reviewing, and entering portfolio company dataCentralize General Partner outreachManagement fee and carry projectsCompletion of internal rate of return processAdding new investments to the internal book of recordsNECESSARY QUALIFICATIONS:College degree (B.A., B.S. or B.B.A.)Degree or related degree in Accounting, Finance, Economics, Mathematics, Business, Management, Data Science, International Business0-2 years of work experience in an accounting/financial industry setting preferredMust be proficient or able to learn Microsoft Office applications preferably ExcelMust be detail oriented and organized and possess good analytical skillsMust be able to handle multiple assignments/initiativesStrong communication skills (written and verbal)Ability to operate in a high pressure environmentDemonstrated willingness to learn and high level of accountabilityAssist with other duties and special projects as neededNote: Qualified candidates will be contacted within 2 business days of application. If an applicant does not meet the above criteria, we will keep your resume on file for future opportunities and may contact you for further discussion.#PHILLYAFT 26089Job Type: Full-timePay: $15.00 - $17.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Accounting: 1 year (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One location
This job will be based in Weston, FL with flexibility to work remotely during the pandemic and approximately two days afterwards. The position does not offer any sponsorship now or in the future. SUMMARY:The Operations Data Analyst will use technical and business knowledge to develop reporting / modeling solutions for our Domestic Network. The position is focused on creating automated reporting / modeling solutions with an efficient underlying data schema. This role requires candidates to have a strong understanding of Business Intelligence tools, proficiency in SQL, MSSQL database structures, and a willingness to grow their skillset.ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:· Disseminate results of analysis to appropriate teams and leadership, and be available to support follow-up projects.· Reviews processes for opportunities to automate and makes recommendations to leadership to implement improvements.· Applies strong data and development acumen to perform a variety of roles in the creation and maintenance of data and analytical reports.· Gathers data from different systems and sources and manipulates it using SQL tools to create summary reports and scorecards.· Explains how tools were developed and train team members.· Documents reporting processes and creates Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and work flow charts.· Supports the implementation of Ops projects· Completes ad-hoc reporting and analysis requests· Supports in the creation of effective databases and tools using advanced programs such as SSMS, SSDT, MS Azure· Writing T-SQL select statements to query databases with knowledge of MSSQL database structures stored procedures, views, tables and SQL Agent jobs.· Preparing and improving data visualization reports such as: Power BI, Excel, Tableau, etcEDUCATION and EXPERIENCE:· Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience in quantitative field: Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science, Information Technology, and / or Business Analytics· 1-2 years’ experience in a similar role preferred. Prior experience with technical skills or software mentioned preferred.· Experience with developing complex reports and databases, build advanced queries to conduct effective information services.· Experience analyzing data structures and recommending enhancements to support reporting improvements.SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS:· Advanced level of proficiency in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePoint required.· Proficiency in SQL, PowerBI, Tableau, MS Azure, Excel, and MSSQL DB, data mining techniques, R, Python, Visual Basic, HTML, ASP.NET, Visual Studio, Windows Batch file scripting, SSIS, SSDT, preferred.· Effective communication skills for writing reports/proposals and supporting presentations.REQUIREMENTS/SKILLS:· Excellent time management skills such as prioritizing/organizing and tracking details and meeting deadlines of multiple projects with varying completion dates.· A high attention to detail and highest regard for data quality and accuracy.· Proven relationship-builder who is confident and able to think on their feet.· Able to make recommendations based on data and findings.· Self-motivated and able to work under limited supervision.· Ability to work effectively under pressure with poise and professionalism.· Great degree of flexibility, analytic agility, and the ability to rapidly adapt to changing business requirements/needs, new technologies, and data sources.· Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, Power Point, Publisher / Visio)PHYSICAL DEMANDS:· Physical demands are mostly consistent with a professional office setting.· Regular sitting at work station for 25 – 75% of the work shift.· Willingness to travel up to 10% or as neededEqual Opportunity Employer - Veterans/DisabilityJob Type: Full-timePay: $55,000.00 - $72,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayAbility to commute/relocate:Weston, FL 33331: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Experience:SQL: 2 years (Required)Microsoft Excel: 2 years (Required)Power BI: 2 years (Required)SSIS: 1 year (Preferred)Tableau: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
The Data Engineer position is responsible for developing and maintaining data pipelines from our various data sources to our cloud data warehouse and modeling that data in a variety of formats to support Stuller’s business intelligence and data science objectives. This role provides the opportunity to perform end-to-end development of data solutions using a modern data engineering technology stack, incorporating best practices from software development including automated testing, continuous integration, and continuous deployment.  Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Define, design, and implement data pipelines from ingestion to consumption using a varied toolset which might include Fivetran, AWS Glue, Python, Scala and DBT Architect data models optimized for business intelligence consumption Identify and expose data pipeline risks, issues, and dependencies Build and follow modern data security and data governance principles Evaluate and identify new sources of data located throughout the organization Collaborate with and support analytics and data science teams to streamline organization of analytics Integrate disparate datasets into common data models Troubleshoot poorly performing data workflows and queries inside and outside the team Detect data quality issues, identify their root causes, implement fixes, and design data audits to capture issues Support business decisions with ad hoc analyses as needed  Skills: Strong technical background Strong problem-solving skills Ability to multi-task  Qualities: Inherently curious, a fast learner, and motivated to have a deep understanding of the projects being worked on Integrity in business practices and when working with others Hunger for continuous improvement personally and professionally Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical field Strong foundational knowledge of SQL Knowledge of data modeling in analytic environments (Kimball, Star schema, snowflake schema, galaxy schema) a plus Familiarity with cloud data warehouses like Snowflake a plus Familiarity with Amazon Web Services, especially services in the data migration arena. Familiarity with modern ETL tools like Fivetran or Stitch and DBT. Experience with Agile development practices.
About Us BlueOwl is a separate company in the State Farm® family of companies and the solutions provider for HiRoad Insurance, an InsurTech brand that recognizes and rewards good choices. Operating independently with the backing of the #1 auto insurer in the country, we blend the best aspects of a tech startup and an industry leader. To see what we’ve helped build so far, check out HiRoad.com. Our Vision At BlueOwl, we envision a world where data driven behavior fuels better lives. We started with the reinvention of insurance and a bold mission to create a data science powered platform that actually helps people become better drivers. We aspire to be the best in the business at identifying low-risk drivers by harnessing the power of data with an innovative technology stack.  It’s a big goal, and that’s where you come in. We're growing a world class team of data science, engineering, design, product, marketing and mobile technologists because we know that the key to success isn’t just about nailing the technology—it’s hiring the talented people who will help us make a quantifiable impact. Requirements: Enjoys and is deeply comfortable with a Python-centric code base and Python best practices. Have an extraordinary grasp of high-level architecture. Experience in building RESTful services at scale. Optional: Data science fundamentals are not required, but are a plus. Exposure to the scientific Python stack would be helpful (numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, tensorflow, etc). If you don't have it, you will learn it here. Experience with Cassandra and Kafka Exposure with using cloud-based production systems at scale Experience with integrations and data warehousing using tools like redshift Experience with scheduling tools like Airflow  Additional Details: Salary: We pay competitive salaries factoring in experience, skill set, and location. We do not offer equity. We provide a wide-selection of health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and supplemental income plans. We also offer a 401(k) Plan with a company match. Wellness and Time Off: We provide Headspace subscriptions, a wellness allowance, and generous time off including four weeks of PTO in the first year of employment with additional time granted upon hire. New parents may also take eight weeks of fully paid parental leave (plus four weeks for parents who give birth) which may be taken within one year after the birth and/or the adoption of a child. Professional learning and growth: We provide a generous allowance each year for professional learning, continuing education, and career development. Location: May work from anywhere in the US, but will need to be actively available during core meeting hours from 9:00AM - 3:00PM pacific time to collaborate with team members across all time zones. Some travel may be required after the San Francisco office re-opens. Candidates based in the SF Bay Area will be able to commute to the SF office for in-person meetings and other gatherings. Frequency TBD. #LI-Remote BlueOwl, LLC is an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf
At Seyfarth, we understand that great people are the key to our success, and we provide the opportunities to match. If you join us, you’ll work with state-of-the-art technology in a friendly and professional environment, and we will continue to invest in your professional development. If you want the freedom to grow at a firm that is invested in your future, keep reading.  THE OPPORTUNITY: As an Associate Data Scientist, you will work in a rapidly growing and market-leading eDiscovery, Information Governance and Analytics practice. You will gather, structure, and analyze data in a manner that provides insight into its factual significance.  THE DAY-TO-DAY: On any given day, you will be working with firm leadership, partners, and business colleagues on a variety of requests and projects. You will:  Write programs to dynamically and reproducibly prepare datasets for analysis or data mining, including reshaping, normalization, aggregation and noise removal Write programs and using relevant tools and applications to analyze, summarize and data mine complex data sets Create interactive and static data visualizations, dashboards, and spreadsheets to show relevant case data, metrics and/or exposure for technical and nontechnical audiences Implement process automation to minimize error-prone manual tasks and increase efficiency Implement quality control mechanisms to ensure accuracy and defensibility of work product Organize and document code sets to ensure efficient re-utilization and preservation of institutional knowledge Identify and define new process improvement opportunities, and aiding in analysis templets  YOU HAVE: Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or other quantitative disciplines Experience programming in R in an academic or professional environment dealing withdiverse types of data and communicating data insights Strong attention to detail with an investigative mindset towards data analysis Advanced Microsoft Excel skills The ability to work effectively across teams, learn new skills, and thrive in a fast paced and ever-changing environment Experience working in a fast paced project-based academic research or professional environment with an ability to manage and meet deadlines and objectives Experience displaying data insights in an intuitive manner for technical and non-technical audiences 0-2 years of either academic research or professional experience in an analytical data driven environment Experience with additional platforms/programming languages relevant to data science, including Python, STATA, SAS, SQL, Matlab, etc. Experience with data manipulation libraries, including dplyr Experience with data visualization tools, especially Tableau  WHAT WE PROVIDE: Seyfarth provides competitive salary and benefits at all levels, and our culture embraces the entrepreneurial spirit of its professionals like no other firm. Our allied professionals are a collaborative team, helping to define the unique client experience offered by the firm. We understand that it takes more than attorneys to build a successful legal practice; everyone participates in our commitment to excellence.  We are also proud to be an influential leader in inclusion and diversity. The firm has been recognized for our efforts by the Human Rights Campaign and the Minority Corporate Counsel Association. We are Mansfield 2.0 certified, a reflection of our ongoing commitment to advancing candidates from underrepresented groups.  MORE ABOUT SEYFARTH: With more than 900 lawyers across 17 offices, Seyfarth Shaw LLP provides advisory, litigation, and transactional legal services to clients worldwide.
About Us The Kraft Heinz Company is one of the largest food and beverage companies in the world, with eight $1 billion+ brands and global sales of approximately $25 billion. We’re a globally trusted producer of high-quality, great-tasting, and nutritious foods for over 150 years. Our brands are truly global, with products produced and marketed in over 40 countries. These beloved products include condiments and sauces, cheese and dairy, meals, meats, refreshment beverages, coffee, infant and nutrition products, and numerous other grocery products in a portfolio of more than 200 legacy and emerging brands. No matter the brand, we’re united under one vision: To sustainably grow by delighting more consumers globally. Bringing this vision to life is our team of 39,000+ food lovers, creative thinkers, and high performers worldwide. Together, we help provide meals to those in need through our global partnership with Rise Against Hunger. We also stand committed to responsible, sustainable practices that extend to every facet of our business, our consumers, and our communities. Every day, we’re transforming the food industry with bold thinking and unprecedented results. If you share our passion – and are ready to create the future, build a legacy, and lead as a global citizen – there’s only one thing to do: join our table and let’s make life delicious! Our Culture of Ownership, Meritocracy and Collaboration We're not afraid to think differently. Embrace new ideas. Dream big. We empower our people at every level – from entry-level intern to senior leader – to own their work. We share a responsibility to think like Owners – to be mindful of the collective and sustained success of Kraft Heinz – which we apply to every situation, every day. As part of Kraft Heinz, you're supported to grow and achieve. You’re expected to bring your authentic self to work every day, to lead with humility, and drive outstanding performance at every level – and you’ll be rewarded. You’re given opportunities to leave a mark and build a legacy. But you won’t do it alone. You’re supported by passionate teammates along the way, and our collective, collaborative spirit fuels our incredible progress. General information All posting locations: Chicago, Illinois, United States of America Job Function: 16 - Digital Department: 16 - 02 - Data Science Date Published: 25-Feb-2021 Job Type: Regular Description & Requirements As a Data Scientist you will be a core member of one of our nimble, cross-functional teams – disrupting from inside of a global powerhouse. You will help build our next generation of advanced analytics products using AI, Data Science, and Machine Learning. Examples of problems you will solve include helping R&D determine the next generation of household products, revolutionizing consumer engagement with personally relevant content, and reinventing our supply chain to eliminate food waste. Furthermore, you will: Deliver systematic approaches and integrating work into products and tools with a trailblazing team of data engineers, analysts, developers, and sometimes chefs. Create repeatable, interpretable, dynamic, scalable models as the heart of new statistical products. Engineer new features by using your business acumen to improve analytical models. Collaborate to refine best practices and deploy best-in-class solutions. Evangelize the value of data-driven decision-making WHO YOU ARE You have a Bachelor’s in Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, or Statistics with 5+ years of experience. You have expertise in Python and/or R and are eager to learn other languages. You are proficient in machine learning to deliver clustering, time series, classification, regression, anomaly detection, simulation, and optimization queries. You have an aptitude in Big Data technologies like Hadoop, Spark, or distributed databases like Redshift and Snowflake. WHY US? We are on a journey to create a digitally-powered, agile-enterprise. At the heart of this journey is our ambition to create an enterprise where powerful AI solutions augment humans and where small mission-based teams are in relentless pursuit to solve tangible problems for our consumers, customers, and the enterprise. That ambition requires us to create a modern cloud and data ecosystem - a one of its kind that becomes the neural network of our company. We want you to bring your tech-self to us. We use Python, R, Spark, React, Tableau, Snowflake, Azure, and others to solve the problem on hand. In-turn, you can look forward to high-impact challenges, no bureaucracy, entrepreneurial small teams and a unique opportunity to create and build something bold, awesome, and impactful! Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity
Frederick, MD Opportunity for remote, or in-person, or a hybrid remote/in-person working arrangement ProList, one of the premier mail and marketing services companies of the mid-Atlantic region, is seeking a Data Analyst to join its team located in Frederick, MD. ProList employs employees from varied backgrounds and cultures, and offers major medical insurance, a health reimbursement account, paid vacation leave, short- and long-term disability insurance, life and accidental death insurance, a ProList-sponsored retirement account (401K), and an employee assistance program. Our operations utilize the latest technologies in camera-match systems for high-touch match mailing campaigns, state of the art inserters and large format digital ink jet presses. Summary The Data Analyst position is responsible for building and executing data processing projects within RedPoint Data Management software. This includes the assembly of RedPoint workflows from templates and macros, developing job specific logic, executing RedPoint workflows, and checking outputs for quality. The Analyst will also create workflows using the Inspire Designer software from client art/copy, implement job specific logic and formatting, create proofs, and check output for quality. Job Duties Participate in a continuous improvement environment, focusing on optimizing efficiency and maximizing effectiveness. Review project instructions and consult SOPs to understand client requirements for processing. Analyze data files for structure, content, and format, load files into RedPoint Data Management software, and convert files into ProList’s house format. Develop project-based workflows from existing templates and macros, customizing as needed. Configure or create job-specific reporting. Execute workflows, check data at Q/C stages, and review reports and final output for accuracy. Identify opportunities for automation. Import client documents into the Inspire Designer software and format according to client specifications. Create and implement art/text logic with conditions to support client’s personalization requirements. Produce proofs/setups, as well as print-ready production PDF files. Engage in a hive-mind atmosphere, collaborating with fellow team members to troubleshoot and develop solutions. Author and maintain internal workflow comments, notes, and documentation. Maintain up-to-date job statuses and notes. Collaborate with Customer Service Project Managers to help resolve client questions/issues. Comply with all quality, safety and work rules and regulations. Other functions as Management deems necessary. Job Skills & Qualifications High school diploma or GED is required. Associates degree or a vocational qualification with an emphasis on statistical and analytical skills, such as computer or data science, math or economics preferred. Basic knowledge of current practices of computer programming. Prior data processing or programming experience or knowledge of Direct Mail applications such as RedPoint, Inspire, or similar tools is preferred. Knowledge of ETL, SQL is a plus. One-two years of work experience. Strong logic and critical thinking skills are essential. A methodical and logical approach. Ability to deal with problems involving abstract and concrete variables in standardized and non-standardized situations. Ability to plan and work to deadlines. Capable of prioritizing tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment. Self-discipline and great organizational skills. An independent and successful troubleshooting skills. Self-confidence and reliable judgement. Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed written or oral instructions. Accuracy and attention to detail. Excellent interpersonal and teamworking skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills, with a focus on common goals. Consistent enthusiastic effort and focus. A high level of mathematical ability. Ability to read and comprehend instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to effectively communicate information in one-on-one and small group situations to other employees of the organization. Availability for overtime to meet customer needs. Work Hours Regular 40-hour work week schedule from 8.00am-5.30pm, Monday-Friday. FSLA Status Nonexempt. Physical Demands The physical demands described are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee is required to operate typical office equipment such as a computer, telephone, copy machine, etc., and, while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit for long periods of time, use their hands to handle, control, or feel equipment, objects, tools, or controls, and repeat the same movements, understand the speech of another person, speak clearly so listeners can understand. It is not as important, but still necessary, for the employee to be able to see details of objects that are more than a few feet away, see differences between colors, shades, and brightness, hear sounds and recognize the difference between them, focus on one source of sound and ignore others. Qualified Applicants Qualified applicants must successfully pass a pre-employment background check and satisfactory reference check. They must also be a U.S. citizen, or have permanent resident status, or be able to provide authorization to work in the U.S. Applicants must be over 18 years of age. Equal Employment Opportunity. ProList is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. ProList Core Values ProList values honesty and integrity, individual responsibility, striving for excellence, respect for the individual, and helping others. ProList Working Culture In a recent staff survey, the most cited reasons for why current employees recommend ProList included: The camaraderie and sense of “family;” Hands-on ownership and senior management; ProList’s employee benefits; Opportunities for learning and development; Opportunities for increased responsibility; Stable company of many years, with stable work; Feeling valued as an employee and as a person; ProList is investing in the future. Confidence can sometimes hold us back from applying for a job. But we'll let you in on a secret: there's no such thing as a 'perfect' candidate. ProList is a place where everyone can grow. So, however you identify and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if you think this is a role and a working environment in which you could succeed and have you looking forward to starting work every day.
Summary Posted: Jul 12, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200228238 Siri’s universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages and Lookup. Siri Knowledge team is building groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search. The features we build are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. As part of this group, you will work with one of the most exciting high performance computing environments, with lot of data, millions of queries per second, and have an opportunity to imagine and build products that delight our customers every single day. Key Qualifications Extensive systems programming experience in either C++, Java and/or Golang Experience developing high quality, high performance server software Knowledge of a scripting language like Python is a plus Strong background in computer science: algorithms, data structures, concurrency, and distributed systems Experience with Hadoop, Kafka and/or Spark is a plus Excellent communication and collaborative skills Able to work as part of a small, focused team and give your best effort Description Build high performance server side software and scalable APIs that power decisions for Siri Search and Knowledge, including: * Scalable APIs for querying Knowledge Graph * Knowledge Representation and Semantic Search * Knowledge graph Indexing pipelines * Query analysis platform and tooling * Streaming infrastructure and streaming data processing * A/B test infrastructure * Machine learning infrastructure * Profile and optimize the latency in a high QPS environment * Design and implement testing and alerting to ensure the quality of these services and pipelines Education & Experience Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Additional RequirementsDeep understanding of the search and information retrieval fundamentals including indexing, query understanding, retrievalExperience building search solutions using Lucene/Elastic search or related search technologiesExperience building real-time data ingestion pipelines using big data / streaming technologies like Kafka, Spark.
Worldwide, Eigen has deployed two medical devices Artemis a 3D semi-robotic prostate biopsy system and ProFuse an MRI image fusion product. Artemis and ProFuse are currently being used in the Urology field to provide and assist with accurate, repeatable prostate biopsies, and patient care planning.We are searching for a Machine Learning/ Artificial Intelligence Engineer to join our team. Currently, we are developing & using novel algorithms based on our software architecture to improve existing systems and develop new product. You’ll be working with our existing team to improve current software, while laying the foundation for our next generation of medical devices.We seek a quality-focused individual who is self-driven, has strong software engineering skills, is advanced in machine learning applications, and is experienced in medical image processing.Requirements: In progress advanced degree (Masters or PhD) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Medical Imaging or related discipline.Experience working with ML/AI projects related to image segmentation, image processing methods, etc. for 1.5 + yearsStrong interpersonal and communication skillsKnowledgeable and experienced with: Python, C++ language, MatlabDesirable Skills & Experience: Experience with medical devices, avionics, or other regulated technical productsFamiliarity with ITK and VTK librariesKnowledge of feature based extraction and classification methodsImage processing background strongly preferredExperience working with MRI ImagesExperience working DICOM Formatwww.eigen.comThis is a full time W2 position.Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Medical Image Processing: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)License:Driver's License (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One location
J2 Solutions is seeking a Data Scientist to join one of our growing clients in New York, NY. At J2 Solutions we look out for your best interests. If you have any questions about this position feel free to call...anytime. We want to make sure it's a great match for you. Call us at 484-362-1390  Job Description: You will translate business problems into data science problems, and develop solution frameworks (for repeatability/scaling) with focus on speed to value. You will be building machine learning models for a variety of use cases. You will have good communication and problem solving skills. You will convey complex ideas & trade-off decisions to business stakeholders. Overall, you will be responsible for building ML products that deliver measurable business value for customers.  Qualifications: Well-versed in Python or R (an d willing to continue to learn the Python ecosystem). Very comfortable with basic Predictive modeling, Classification, NLP, Content Recommendation systems and Time Series techniques. Being very comfortable with the math behind these techniques is key. Not required to know all tools/techniques out there, but a passion for learning, being up to date, and the ability to quickly map the problem to a solution space are must-haves.  About J2 Solutions: J2 Solutions is a technology consulting firm with a proven track record in managing large-scale technology projects, providing in-depth business analysis, and offering unparalleled IT staff optimization services. We will take the time to understand you and what you are looking for in the next step of your career path. Please reach out to us (http://www.j2-solutions.com/careers) as we are currently seeking candidates to pair with our clients.
Associate Scientist II- Lab- Data Review 65k-90k The Associate Scientist II requires an analytical chemistry background and experience with Good Manufacturing practices (cGMP). The Associate Scientist II candidate must also obtain Quality Control Laboratory testing in order to be considered for this position. Full time analytical data review position Comprehensive review of Quality Control Laboratory testing results including HPLC and GD-FID analytical results. Verify documented procedures for compliance against internal standard operating procedures(SOPs) and USP monographs. Verification of electronic data input in both a LIMS based software system as well as Microsoft Excel spreadsheets Quality control testing is conducted on semi-solids (creams, ointments, lotions, gels, etc.), liquids, and suspensions products. Raw Material testing is conducted on actives, excipients, and preservatives. Familiar with USP with the ability to translate and implement testing per monographs and general chapters. An ability to multi-task is essential, as the candidate will be required to prioritize testing, data responsibilities, and additional duties based on manufacturing needs. Associate Scientist should be able to work on the bench, manage Projects while working with other scientists and collaborating with other departments  Associate Scientist II- Lab- Data Review Additional Responsibilities: Author SOPs, investigations, analytical reports Basic instrumentation troubleshooting Reviews test results to ensure compliance with specifications Full time analytical data review position Comprehensive review of Quality Control Laboratory testing results including HPLC and GD-FID analytical results. Verify documented procedures for compliance against internal standard operating procedures(SOPs) and USP monographs. Verification of electronic data input in both a LIMS based software system as well as Microsoft Excel spreadsheets  Associate Scientist II- Lab- Data Review Requirements: Degree in Chemistry or other Science related discipline Experience with Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) and Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) documentation requirements Familiarity with HPLC and/or GC methods and analytical results required; previous experience or understanding of Karl fisher titration, wet chemistry titrations, FT-IR and UV-Vis instrumentation are a plus. Pharm testing experience Strong computer confidence with an ability to work within multiple electronic data collection systems (Ensur, LIMS, CDS OpenLab ) High proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word and other Office Based software. Ability to work through complex mathematical equations (comfort/confidence with understanding/verifying equations) Ability to work as part of a cross function team. Strong communication and technical writing skills Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment Strong attention to detail
Position Summary: This position will be responsible for providing data development, management and analysis of the activities of the Community Wellness Engagement Unit. This position will hold the direct responsibility for data tracking, analysis of data compiled, research related to and production of reports concerning the Community Wellness Engagement Unit. This position will address and resolve data-related issues and work cooperatively with staff, external contacts (agencies, administrators) in the Behavioral Health system. The work of this position is expected to include the coordination of special projects and the editing and prepping of written materials as it relates to the work of the unit.This position is grant-funded and is approved for two (2) years. The grant may or may not be extended.Duties and Responsibilities: Enter data into assorted databasesExtract records and collate data. Compile information and generate reports (with graphics) and presentations as necessary.Perform research and information management analytical studiesResearch, collect data, and perform statistical analysis needed to monitor trends, patterns, and changes in populations, socioeconomic and demographic factors.Design, implement, and maintain computer-based management information systems necessary for the evaluation and analysis of ongoing programs or trends.Perform evaluation and analysis of data using standard statistical and ethnographic methods or database analysis methodsPrepare reports documenting results of findings and recommendations and may participate in formal and informal presentation of research findingsDesign and maintain summary reports for staff use or for state reporting purposes or reporting to internal city departments and other state or federal oversight agencies.Institute methods of monitoring information received regarding timeliness, completeness, and accuracyParticipates in developing grant proposalsDesign and implement procedures and programs to update informationCollaborate with managers and directors in unit report development and generationSkills Required: Data analytics abilities; detail orientedExperience developing reporting mechanisms and monitoring processesWorking knowledge of Behavioral Health and/or Physical Health service entities in the City of PhiladelphiaSocial science research and investigative methodology, and the methods employed in the presentation of results.Able to conduct research projects and determine appropriate research methods utilizing current research techniquesExcellent communication skills (written and oral)Strong interpersonal skillsProficient in the use and design of data collection instruments such as Excel, Access, SPSSAbility to work independently without close supervisionAbility to work as part of a team when projects necessitateAbility to work with individuals with varying backgrounds, including but not limited to individuals with lived experience in the behavioral health systemGood computer skills including working knowledge of Microsoft Office. Must be willing to learn any new data collection products as directed by DBH Administration.GIS mapping preferredEducation and Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Public Health, Data Science or Healthcare- related field (i.e., Epidemiology, Public Health, Social Work, Public Administration)One (1) year of experience in information managementBilingual preferred (i.e., Spanish, Chinese – all dialects, Vietnamese, Russian, Arabic, Haitian Creole) or any equivalent combination of education and experience determined to be acceptableEqual Opportunity Employment: PMHCC, Inc. is committed to equal opportunity. It is our policy to support equal employment for all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual preferences, age, national origin, disability, behavioral health status, military status or any other characteristic protected by law.Americans with Disabilities Act: Employees as well as applicants who are currently, or become disabled, must be able to perform the functions of the job with either reasonable accommodation or unaided. PMHCC, Inc. will examine reasonable accommodations on a case by case basis in accordance with the law.Job Type: Full-timePay: $42,496.00 - $55,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayApplication Question(s):How many years of use and design of data collection instruments (SPSS) experience do you have?How many years of working knowledge of behavioral health experience do you have?Do you speak Arabic?Do you speak Bilingual?Do you speak Chinese (any dialect)?Do you speak English ?Do you speak Haitian Creole?Do you speak Russian?Do you speak Spanish?Do you speak Vietnamese?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Public health, data science or healthcare- related field: 1 year (Preferred)Information management: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No
Osha Bergman Watanabe & Burton LLP (OBWB) is currently seeking candidates with a physics, machine learning, or artificial intelligence background for our team responsible for preparing and prosecuting patent applications. Individuals who are hired will be placed in our unique Patent Agent Program, a forward-thinking, highly effective method for training and developing technically and legally savvy individuals. No IP experience is necessary. This is a great position to combine your technical skills with writing, client interaction, and legal concepts. A university degree in a technical field is required. Candidates with industry experience and/or advanced technical degrees are strongly preferred.Ideal candidates should haveDegree in statistics, econometrics, mathematics, computer science, physics, or equivalent/related degree.2+ years of experience in software development life cycle and/or project life cycle activities on development and maintenance projects.2+ years of experience in building and applying machine learning models for causal inference, attribution, forecasting, segmentation, or optimization.Understanding of data integration, data quality and data architecture.Experience in preparing test scripts and test cases to validate data and maintaining data quality.Experience with Cloud environments such as AWS or Azure.Knowledge of large data sets and experience with performance tuning and troubleshooting.Written Communication assessment MUST be completed in order to be considered for this position. The Basics of the Patent Agent Program:The Patent Agent Program serves as an apprenticeship in patent law. During the first year of employment, participants undergo a regular training schedule with a combination of in-house lectures and mentorship. During their studies, they also maintain technical expertise through daily application of technical knowledge by prosecuting patents. Upon completion of the one-year program, participants are expected to sit for and pass the Patent Agent Exam conducted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office. After passing this exam, they become patent agents. Patent Agents are given the opportunity to attend part-time law school while continuing their education within the Firm.Core Responsibilities:Patent engineers are problem solvers. When writing a patent application, they are required to study the technology and learn about the invention. During patent prosecution, they may need to determine how the invention differs from others in the marketplace. They can expect to spend half the day reading and studying the technical analysis of complex scientific topics within a particular patent application. The remainder of the day may be spent writing and scheduling future projects. Some days may be focused on technology in one field, while other days may require work in more than one technical area. Patent engineers, in collaboration with patent agents and attorneys, continuously work together to solve problems on behalf of clients.Qualifications:Applicants must be U.S. citizens, permanent legal residents, or otherwise authorized to work in the U.S. Individuals who have earned, or will soon earn, a statistics, econometrics, mathematics, computer science, physics, or equivalent/related degree from an accredited U.S. University with an extremely strong academic record (top 25%) are encouraged to apply. Masters or PhD level qualifications are preferred. Industry experience is a plus. Candidates should enjoy drafting narrative and persuasive documents while critically analyzing and solving problems. Time management skills are also critical.About Osha Bergman Watanabe & Burton LLPOBWB is an IP boutique law firm. Founded in 1997, OBWB is headquartered in Houston, Texas and has offices in Austin, Colorado, Washington, D.C., France, China, and Japan. Our goal is to assist clients in protecting and enforcing their intellectual property interests worldwide. Recently ranked as one of the seven most loved IP boutique firms by in-house counsel and 45th in the list of Top Patent Firms according to IP Today, OBWB is one of the most technically and legally proficient IP firms in the world. OBWB also takes great pride in its diversity and its cooperative, positive work environment. Last year, OBWB was ranked #1 in the nation for the percentage of female attorneys handling PTAB actions https://oshaliang.com/news/osha-liang-ranked-top-law-firm-in-ptab-litigation-diversity/ and as one of the top 100 firms for minority attorneys https://oshaliang.com/news/osha-liang-ranked-among-top-100-firms-for-minority-attorneys/. OBWB's members collectively speak more than 20 languages.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Yes
Job Description: LOB Specific Description: The department is responsible for providing services essential for completing the trade life cycle and servicing client/front office needs. The members of this team are required to ensure timely and accurate research and resolution of equity trade breaks as well as managing trade flows from front end to back end systems. They also work closely with the firm's internal and external clients throughout the organization, including front office, operational staff, Technology, Compliance, Legal, project managers, and various business units. Excellent communication and client service skills are a must as the associate will interact with traders, sales, clients and client service representatives throughout most of the day. Enterprise Role Overview: Follows established written procedures and guidelines, provides standard reporting and analytical support. Uses established techniques, analyzes and resolves a wide variety of moderately complex operations problems and initiatives including transactions that require special handling and/or exception handling. Employees in this role typically have a college degree (Associates or higher) or comparable work experience. Required skills include: basic Excel knowledge, detail orientation, ability to manage multiple priorities and multi task, excellent time management and prioritization skills, ability to meet tight deadlines, ability and willingness to continuously learn on the job , ability to problem-solve and take ownership of process improvements, ability to work in a team environment, excellent verbal and written communication skills with ability to communicate with various stakeholders. Desired skills for this role include: expert Excel knowledge, Business, Finance, Accounting, Economics, or similar major preferred and basic understanding of and/or experience in Financial service industry. To be used for employees in Global Markets only. Required Skills: (Must have these skills to be minimally qualified) Ability to multi-task and operate under high pressure situations. Strong PC and Microsoft skills (Excel, Word, Access, etc.). Excellent communication skills both verbal and written. Interpersonal skills must be very strong and team player. Must have a keen ability to efficiently manage time and priorities. Must be able to bring proactive and innovative business processing solutions to completion within deadlines and with minimal risk to the organization. Ability to effectively communicate with senior leaders. Desired Skills: Prior Clearing (P&S) or trade support experience with Equity, Fixed Income, Options or all three. Background / Education in data science and ability to interpret data for change/improvements. Other Qualifications: Strives to bring new thoughts and ideas to teams in order to drive innovation and unique solutions. Excels in working among diverse viewpoints to determine the best path forward. Experience in connecting with a diverse set of clients to understand future business needs – is a continuous learner. Commitment to challenging the status quo and promoting positive change. Participate in and drive collaborative efforts to advance tools, technology, and ways of working to better serve an evolving client base. Believes in value of diversity so we can reflect, connect and meet the diverse needs of our clients and employees around the world. Job Band: H6 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0
== PLEASE READ BEFORE APPLYING ==This is a Business Intelligence Data Systems Analyst position. This is not a Data Science or Data Analyst position. : )How Do You Apply?To officially apply to this job, use the link to our job flyer below. You can submit an inquiry here on indeed as well (encouraged), but you will still need to officially apply on the CalHR website using the instructions in our Job Flyer below:https://dmhc.ca.gov/Portals/0/Docs/OTI/BID-Data-Systems-Analyst-Flyer.pdfWho Should Apply?Apply if you meet the job requirements, are legally eligible to work in the United States, reside in the state of California (or are willing to relocate), and do not require visa sponsorship. Relocation assistance is not available.You will work closely with other Department of Managed Health Care (DMHC) staff to analyze and document business requirements for Data projects that drive the department-wide decision-making processes. This includes developing requirements and design documentation, use cases and test cases that define complex and advanced data projects supporting implementation of enterprise data-driven solutions.You are also responsible for developing Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) using Microsoft Structured Query Language (SQL) within SQL Server Integration Services and/or ELT within Tableau.How Will You Get It Done?You will lead our data analysis activities that contribute to the development and delivery of enterprise data warehouse, analytic databases, analytics and enterprise reporting to the offices of the DMHC. You will leverage data analysis best practices to assess and document current reporting and analytic needs, and play various roles executing the development of solutions.Who Will You Be Working With?You will be working under our Chief of Business Intelligence Division (BID) within the Office of Technology and Innovation. You will work closely with fellow members of our small-but-mighty BI team to successfully deliver solutions!Job Type: Full-timePay: $5,562.00 - $9,267.00 per monthBenefits:Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible spending accountHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:We are currently Teleworking through COVID shelter in place. The department is considering permanent telework for some positions in the future.Application Question(s):Do you require Visa Sponsorship?Do you reside in California?If you do not reside in California, are willing to relocate at your own expense?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Data Systems Analysis: 3 years (Required)ETL Development: 3 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Mission Lane LLC is a fintech on a mission (no pun intended) to increase access to financial tools that help people thrive. We are raising the bar on fair credit access, easy money management, and convenient income discovery. Our philosophy is simple: when our customers do well, we do well. And we have only just begun. Mission Lane's Data Science Team is looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join us.  You'll be a successful Senior Data Scientist if:  You're personally motivated to help improve the financial health of the 100 million working-class Americans who live paycheck-to-paycheck You've created, deployed, and managed supervised learning models in production systems for vital applications You enjoy being a technical mentor. You share best practices for software engineering and can help smart, educated, people with hard mathematical problems. You consider yourself a generalist data scientist and are more motivated by practical solutions than theoretical elegance You practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-driven development, code review, refactoring) and the PyData stack (numpy, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.) You can communicate, collaborate, compromise, and be sensitive to the needs of clients and your teammates  We are offering:  A low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together The chance to work at a company where data science is at the heart of the business and integral to both our day-to-day operation and our executive team's strategic vision Flexible work hours and flexible work location (even after the pandemic) A generous parental leave policy Excellent opportunities for career growth, with both management and technical tracks for advancement A team that values learning and approaches work with a "growth mindset" A competitive salary, equity, and a full benefits package (health, dental, vision, 401k)  You might be particularly excited about the role if you want:  To work on fairness, accountability, and transparency in machine learning (FAccT ML) or explainable AI (XAI) To find practical ways to apply modern innovations from diverse research areas like Causal Inference, Cost-Sensitive Machine Learning, and Time Series Classification To use distributed computing systems like Spark and Snowflake to manipulate data  If you're excited about the role and aren't sure if you meet all the requirements - we want you to apply anyway! We believe people can contribute to our team in a wide variety of ways and want to meet people who find meaning in our mission and our technical work compelling.  Job Location: Richmond, Virginia or Remote More about Mission Lane:  Mission Lane is based in the U.S., with offices in Richmond, Virginia & San Francisco, California. Founded in December 2018, we've rapidly grown to over 1 million customers.  It all started with a realization: nearly fifty percent of the adult population in the U.S. doesn't have access to a clear line of credit. And by "clear" we mean credit without crazy fees that only increase debt. Most traditional credit card companies either overlook or overcharge this group because they have less-than-prime credit scores or no score at all. We decided this just wouldn't do.  We understand that everyone doesn't have the same opportunities. We also know that everyone joins us at different stages of their financial journeys. Providing access to clear credit was a critical first step, but our work isn't done. We are actively developing new products designed to meet our customers where they are, according to their needs.  We get it - life happens. That's why Mission Lane is hard at work paving a better way forward.  Just like for our customers, Mission Lane creates opportunities for our employees to learn, grow, and prosper. We strive to create an environment that brings out the best in everyone, everyday.  ******  Mission Lane is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Mission Lane is not currently sponsoring new applicant employment authorization for this position. And please, no third party recruiters.  #LI-REMOTE
Job Title: Software Engineer - Machine Learning Architecture Location: Remote Duration: 6 Months   Job description and responsibilities:  You will be working in a small team of computer architects looking at existing and future next-generation architectures for machine learning. The team is fast-paced in nature and there is a lot of scope for learning and making major impact to the company. The team is looking for a self-motivated developer with C/C++ and Python background who has prior experience with machine learning.  The primary responsibilities of this role are as follows:  Development of distributed-memory parallel implementations for operators from the upcoming machine learning networks Running these operators on the developed models and analyze performance Explore hardware architectures for potential performance bottlenecks to improve hardware performance in the developed architecture models Development of high level/roofline architectural models  Required qualifications: Proficiency in C/C++ and Python Previous experience with one of the below areas High Performance computing parallel programming or distributed programming (e.g., writing algorithms on GPUs, multicore CPUs, Vector cores or SIMD architectures) Optimization for given HW platform (CPU or GPU)   Preferred qualifications: algorithm design/development background Experience with machine learning frameworks such as Caffe2 and Pytorch is a plus Understanding of general computer architecture is a plus Familiarity with Client Vector API is a plus Familiarity with ARM Neon or SVE API is a plus Familiarity with high performance IO to block device is a plus Team player with excellent communication skills and desire to tackle challenging problems        IND123
Adjunct was an occupation. Bam Teel was a Gran adjunct who was found at Fey Zara's cantina.
An armorer was a military speciality charged with the maintenance and repair of weapons. Armorers in the Alliance to Restore the Republic's Special Forces often modified weapons to suit operational needs, and were also responsible for the creation of the multi-weapon.
The Arthurian delegates were a group of Arthurians who were to negotiate with Galactic Republic senator Padmé Amidala at her apartment at some point during the Clone Wars.
Bail bondsman was a position held by the Rodian negotiator Slotho.
A collector was any individual who assembled a group of items, primarily antiques or relics, as a hobby or occupation.Collectors assembled items such as antiques, relics or art as a hobby or occupation. While a collector was not necessarily wealthy, they often were. Truly wealthy and serious collectors were aware that it was a standard to show they had the necessary credits to pay before they were allowed to see the goods by merchants. Some derided those who spent large amounts on items they collected, considering these people to have more money than brains. Some collectors both bought and sold the object they sought out, such as the junk boss Unkar Plutt or Dok-Ondar's Den of Antiquities proprietor Dok-Ondar. Dok-Ondar, who was galaxy-renowned as a collector, chose the planet Batuu as the site of his Den of Antiquities. A collector's paradise, Traveler's Guide to Batuu author Eloc Throno considered it the finest shop of its kind in its region of the galaxy and a must-do stop for collectors and other curious individuals. There were written guides for collecting, such as the Antique Military Collector's Guide, which gave readers guidance on how to collect and how much their items of interest were worth. The Hutt Grakkus collected items related to the fallen Jedi Order, the pirate Maz Kanata had a vast collection of treasures kept in her castle, and anonymous collectors such as the "Avenger of Jakku," "Emperor's Wrath," and "Interceptor Fire" collected artifacts of the Galactic Empire following the Galactic Civil War. The Imperial Chiss Grand Admiral Mitth'raw'nuruodo was an avid collector of art, as both a personal hobby and as a means to understand his military enemies. Through studying the art he collected, Thrawn gained insight into the values and culture of other species and used those insights to predict how they would act. Karr Nuq Sin, a Force-sensitive teenager with the ability of psychometry, collected any items with a history that he believed could induce a vision, including military antiques and Jedi artifacts. In time, Nuq Sin narrowed his collecting to any objects relating to Jedi history, hoping to understand the Jedi and his own connection with the Force. During the same period, Trudgen, a member of the Knights of Ren, collected grim trophies from fallen conquests. He added these trophies to his weapons and armor as symbols of his triumphs. One such trophy was a fragment of the helmet of a death trooper defeated by Trudgen, which he attached to his own helmet. The Crimson Dawn crime lord Dryden Vos was a collector with a passion for antiquities. He used his power and resources to build a vast collection that included a near-complete set of Mandalorian rally master armor, a reconstructed Sith holocron, a traditional Noghri carver set and the mummified hand of the Lost King of Duro. Unlike most archaeologists, he disregarded the ethical regulations that prevented the taking of items sacred to other cultures. Vos displayed many rarities in his study on the Nau'ur-class yacht First Light, and rotated other items to be displayed from his storehouses on Cato Neimoidia, Byblos, and Taanab. Vos employed relic-hunters and well-paid buyers to risk their lives acquiring new prizes for his collection. Other items were given as gifts by those seeking to curry Vos' favor or forgiveness, although even the most priceless offerings did not guarantee his favor.
Collectors were individuals who bought, collected, stole, or otherwise obtained rare and priceless treasures. These included artifacts, artwork, antiques or any kind of items they considered valuable. Some collectors sought various species of animals. Jedi and Sith alike collected artifacts through the eras. Palpatine was perhaps the greatest collector of his (or possibly any) time. He had a large collection of artifacts and treasures of all kinds which he kept all over the galaxy in his Skyhook, the Imperial Palace, and his storehouses and secret vaults. Grievous collected lightsabers from Jedi he defeated as trophies. Others like Boba Fett collected Mandalorian armors and weapons. Many crime lords and underworld kingpins were collectors as well. Jabba Desilijic Tiure kept hoards of valuables in his palace on Tatooine, while Borvo kept a collection of priceless objects and artifacts such as a King Tusken Rifle in his underground base on Naboo. Some, like Ace Azzameen, collected anything they personally found worthwhile. He kept various trinkets and items as mementos from his many adventures.
Crate-busters were manual labor workers who worked loading and unloading cargo on starships. Some crate-busters were permanent members of a starship's crew, handling the transfer of cargo, or were employed by spaceports to conduct the same jobs. Crate-busters were usually from species that were physically powerful, such as the Sludir. Crate-busters used crate hooks to assist in their duties.
Cutter was a spicer term used to describe a person who prepared spice for use or sale. It was also applied to someone who was close enough to a person that they could be trusted with cutting their spice. The term, often used on Corellia, was also used to describe the lover of a spicer, as in the case between Black Sun criminal Zekka Thyne and Inyri Forge.
A Deep Hunter was a member of the Quarren species who refused to be "civilized" by the Mon Calamari; or, as they put it, "tamed" the Quarren. They blamed the Mon Calamari for the arrival of the Galactic Empire, and fought the occupiers. Deep Hunters preferred to live off the ocean's bounty, using their tools and skills to survive. They occasionally worked as guides and guards to undersea explorers. Deep Hunters usually wore deepsuits, and were armed with a speargun. They also generally maintained a two-man submersible.
The Defender was a role in traditional challenge by personal combat in Guiteica. The challenge included two individual fighters attacking each other with dematoils. The Succession Judge was to be a neutral observer. Each fighter was allowed to have a Defender, traditionally used to avoid uninvited interruptions of the battle, but more commonly used to verify that the battle was kept honorably. Aul Tarrus Vishav was Quaal Tavier Catharius's Defender when Catharius fougth his enemy Jael Ganton Farvash
Den-mother was a female leadership position in the Black Hole Gang. Amaiza Foxtrain once held the position.
Dishwasher was a menial job, often found in restaurants. The clone commando "Gregor" once worked this job after getting amnesia.Someone who worked as a dishwasher was expected to wash dishes and might also perform other menial labor such as taking out trash.After the clone commando CC-5576-39 lost his memory and ended up on the planet Abafar, he was taken in by Chef Borkus of the Power Sliders diner, named "Gregor," and given a job as a dishwasher for nothing more than room and board. He seemed to perform the job with reasonable competency, but showed no great enthusiasm for his work and gladly left it when he was informed by Colonel Meebur Gascon that he had been a clone commando.
The dishwasher was a type of job, usually with low wages. In Roan Novachez's second year at the Jedi academy at the Jedi Temple on the planet Coruscant, a training academy for Jedi Padawan, he and several of his classmates were assigned to work together in a group to create a droid. In the plans for the droid, designed for lightsaber combat training, which Roan dubbed the Multi-Armed Dueling Simulator Droid (M.A.D.S.), he suggested "cafeteria dishwasher" as a possible supplemental function. Gregor worked as a dishwasher in Power Sliders, in Pons Ora, on Abafar in 20 BBY. Given the job by Borkus of the Power Sliders diner, he toiled for little more than room and board, but gladly left his job when Colonel Meebur Gascon informed him that he had been a clone commando in the Grand Army of the Republic. KT-18, a housekeeping droid given by Luke Skywalker to Han Solo as a gift, specialized in stain removal, dishwashing and window cleaning.
A diver was an individual who spent time submerged beneath the water, either as part of their profession, or for entertainment. Divers generally wore specialized wetsuits and breathing masks, although members of aquatic species generally possessed the ability to survive underwater without equipment. Alliance to Restore the Republic agent Seth Cambriel was an accomplished diver.
Docking controllers were responsible for directing and organizing docking assignments at spaceports. Nell Voorson was the senior docking controller at Kuat Freight Port.
A drop point agent was a middleman who arranged cargo runs for spacers. The work they contracted was generally irregular and for varying cargos to differing destinations, but many spacers considered it better than hauling cargo for the Hutts. The runs called for spacers to transport goods to a specific destination known as a drop point for a set fee and within a set time limit.  Drop point agents commonly worked for other individuals higher up the economic chain, and paid fees based on the tonnage of the cargo, the time in transit and the spacers' hyperdrive rating. Agents typically paid half the fee up front, then issued a voucher to be redeemed at the other end of the run. Vowluss was a Whiphid drop point agent during the Galactic Civil War, working in the Off-Worlders' Quarter on Ropagi II.
A duct rat was a person who worked in the Foundry on Corellia cleaning air vents and machinery intakes of ash and soot. Han, Qi'ra and Tsuulo once pretended to work as duct rats to save Tool.
"Fanging" was an occupation available to the Sic-Six arachnoid species. As the Sic-Six naturally produced a venom that caused a psychoactive effects in other sentient species, a Sic-Six "fanger" could inject poison to voluntary subjects in exchange for money. Certain "fangers" stole their customers's assets during these people's stupor. Trix-sor was a Sic-Six "fanger".
The First contact specialist was a specialist who researched the Toong.
A flatstender was a Swokes Swokes whose job was to travel about the vast expanse of the Tract in a landspeeder, tending to pilgrims in peril, maintaining the stone stelae that made up the giant funerary monument, removing dead animals, and reporting intruders. Thousands of such individuals were employed by the Tract Conviction on the planet Makem Te. Burba of Strekk was a flatstender.
Flight controllers was an occupation held by various individuals. Organizations such as the Galactic Empire used flight controllers.
A flight controller was an individual responsible for directing starfighters in combat. The Galactic Empire relied heavily on flight controllers. The Alliance to Restore the Republic experimented with flight controllers during the Galactic Civil War, such as when General Jan Dodonna directed the beginning attack runs during the Battle of Yavin.
A flight instructor was an individual who trained pilots. During the Clone Wars, Mandalorian Protector Fenn Rau served as a flight instructor for the Grand Army of the Republic. Goran and Vult Skerris served as instructors at Skystrike Academy, an Imperial Academy on Montross. Jake Farrell served as a flight instructor for the Galactic Empire before retiring on Derango 4. Yurib Nakan served as a flight instructor at the Imperial Academy on Carida.
A flight instructor, also known as pilot trainers, were individuals who trained other beings how to fly.T'Charek Haathi served as a flight instructor for the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Ohwun De Maal was a freelance flight instructor who would teach anyone who could pay how to fly.
A Force hunter was a type of bounty hunter. A Force hunter was a specialized bounty hunter that hunted Force-sensitive individuals. Considered to be one of the most dangerous specializations a bounty hunter can ply, Force hunters were renowned for the training they underwent to ply their trade; mental training rendered them considerably harder to find in the Force, with a conditioned mind that allowed for a higher resistance to mind-affecting Force powers and tricks. Additionally, Force hunters trained in precision fire - techniques that allowed for carefully timed shots that compensated for a Force-users ability to block and reflect shots.
Freighter trampers, or just trampers, were terms used to describe the economic migrants who felt they had no choice but to leave their homes on the planet Coruscant to search for work elsewhere due to the economic impact on Coruscant caused by the Separatist Crisis, making them some of the first victims of the Clone Wars that followed. Trampers came from many different species and professions, including talented artisans and technicians, being united only by the harsh reality in which they found themselves. They hopped from one job to another on different planets and when promised work failed to materialize some freighter trampers found themselves constantly on the move, causing their once-pristine work gear to become more and more battered and improvised over time. AA-9 Freighter-Liners that were refitted to transport refugees displaced by the Separatist Crisis off of Corsucant became an economic life line for freighter trampers, who would travel alongside the refugees, huddled together carrying what little owned and dreaming of a better life. In 22 BBY, several freighter trampers, including Gondrin Upal, Kaycee Kollenz, Nar Hida, and a group of Donovian rainmen, traveled on the AA-9 freighter Jendirian Valley from Westport on the planet Coruscant to the planet Naboo. Senator Padmé Amidala and Anakin Skywalker also traveled onboard the vessel, disguised as refugee freighter trampers from the Thousand Moon system.
A Gatherer was an operative of the Bureau of Ships and Services tasked with tracking down individuals and their starships who sought to circumvent BoSS's data-collection efforts. They wore no uniform, and were from many different alien species. They were trained in computer skills and espionage, and some combat skills although they only used them in self-defense.
A gladiator was any being trained to fight with weapons against other sentients, droids, or wild creatures in an arena for public entertainment. Gladiators could be individuals like Kreel, who was forced to become a gladiator in the fighting pits of Chagar IX, or the Wookiee Black Krrsantan, who was trained by the Xonti Brothers, who ran a gladitorial enterprise. There were also gladiator droids such as K0-5D. Known gladiatorial competitions included the Stormblade Bloodfest, the Outer Rim Carve-up, the Arena Day, and the Gladiator Night of Lothal. When Padmé Amidala and Anakin Skywalker faced trial on Geonosis, Poggle the Lesser sentenced them to die while fighting in the Petranaki arena.
A gladiator was a person who fought—sometimes to the death—for money, or was made to fight against his, or her, will. The latter being condemned prisoners and slaves in particular. There were many forms of gladiator battles all over the galaxy, notably on Geonosis and Rattatak. Some droids were built for the purpose of gladiator fights, such as the Mark X Executioner or Bugnaught. Loovria was also known for its gladiator pits.The Essential Atlas The Regional Sector Number Four's All-Human Free-For-All was a gladiator event on Jubilar. The Viis Empire trained its Aaroun slaves as gladiators.The Complete Star Wars Encyclopedia
A gutter was a job among the Lanai Caretakers of Ahch-To. Hesper-Inguza was a gutter.
An herbalist was a being who cultivated plants for personal use. Telo was an herbalist for the Singing Mountain Clan on Dathomir.
A hermit was an individual who had withdrawn to a solitary place for a life of seclusion. Hermits who had retired from society for somewhat religious reasons were also called anchorites. The powerful Force wielder known as the Father described himself and his two children as such. At the time of the Invasion of Naboo, Beggar's Canyon on the desert planet of Tatooine housed hermits who had been chased out of Mos Espa. The Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi later became a hermit on Tatooine so he could watch over Luke Skywalker from a distance as he grew up. Similarly, Grand Master Yoda spent the last years of his life alone on Dagobah, where he studied the secrets of immortality, and Luke Skywalker himself came to live alone on Ahch-To following the destruction of his new generation of Jedi.
A hermit was any individual that retired from society and lived in a simple way apart from others. The habitation of a hermit was called a hermitage. Some hermits were hiding from the law, as was the case with Fegred Ewd. For a brief time in 14 ABY, Luke Skywalker came to think that heremitism was a compulsory passage in the life of a Jedi lest he or she would be tempted to seek power over others.
A hunt saboteur was a profession that disrupted the work of bounty hunters. A saboteur would intercept a bounty, agreeing, for a fee, to ferry the sentient safely out of the range of their pursuer. N'dru Suhlak was an accomplished hunt saboteur.
Hypersurveyors were a type of hyperspace prospector active during the High Republic Era. The name was concocted to give the prospecting trade a respectable sheen, and the title was used by teams who worked for the San Tekka clan who charted new hyperspace routes.
An Imperial hunter was an individual who tracked down former Imperial war criminals who had gone in hiding to avoid facing justice. In the months after the Battle of Endor, the New Republic commissioned Imperial hunters to bring in Imperials such as Perwin Gedde to face justice in the Republic Tribunal. Near the end of the Galactic Civil War, the New Republic commissioned Alphabet Squadron to track down and destroy the 204th Imperial Fighter Wing, a lethal Imperial fighter wing.
Information brokers were private consultants or slicers who sold information, usually regarding individuals, for credits. They were also known as infochants or informants.
Information brokers, also known as informants, were private consultants, smugglers, or slicers that provided information and intelligence for credits. In the galaxy, they were sometimes referred to as code dealers, infochants, or sluicers.Kyle Katarn came to Nar Shaddaa to receive information about the death of his father from the information broker droid 8t88, although he ended up being betrayed by the droid. R2-D2 and Chewbacca attempted to receive information from an information broker on Nar Shaddaa concerning the Darksaber project, Durga the Hutt and Daala's mysterious Imperial fleet. The Assembler known as Balancesheet was an infochant, as well as his predecessor and creator, Kud'ar Mub'at. Talon Karrde was a well known information broker who assisted the New Republic during the Thrawn campaign and the Yuuzhan Vong War.
Insurers or insurance salesmen were individuals who sold insurance. Adding anti-theft devices to speeders could lead to insurers giving discounts on theft insurance. The Twi'lek Kapin Toologin was an insurance salesman who vacationed on the Ithorian Herdship Bazaar several months after the destruction of the planet Alderaan.
Introducers were freelance operatives who worked within the Quilan Hive on the planet Lan Barell. They facilitated meetings with Human Barellians who were difficult to communicate with due to their habit of not expressing emotion through facial expressions. Introducers were adept at navigating the labyrinthine Quilan Hive and producing permits and visas quickly. At least one prominent introducer was part of the Alliance to Restore the Republic cell on the planet.
A Jedi hunter was an individual tasked with the hunting and killing of members of the Jedi Order. Grievous, the Kaleesh Supreme Commander of the Separatist Military, was trained in the art of lightsaber combat by Dooku and claimed the lightsabers of Jedi he slew as trophies. As the Clone Wars progressed, Grievous garnered a fearsome reputation as a formidable Jedi killer, striking terror into the hearts of Republic citizens. Following the transformation of the Galactic Republic into the first Galactic Empire, the Inquisitorius rose as an organization of Jedi hunters trained by Darth Vader himself to harness the dark side of the Force and wield double-bladed spinning lightsabers as they assisted in the extermination of the Jedi. Emperor Palpatine had decreed that the Empire was to convert former members of the Jedi into Inquisitors, further cementing the downfall of the Jedi religion and perversion of the Force.During the Clone Wars, the Confederacy's Droid Army's Supreme Commander, General Grievous was considered a Jedi hunter due to his penchant in collecting lightsabers from slain Jedi such as Neebo. Among Grievous' kills were Nahdar Vebb, a Mikkian Jedi, and a human Padawan.Age of Republic - General Grievous 1
The term Jedi hunter typically referred to a being or droid who was particularly adept at killing Jedi. No specific background was common among Jedi hunters; they came from diverse upbringings and species. Numerous Jedi hunters were Force-sensitives themselves. The majority of Force-using Jedi hunters were members of dark side cults and groups that were traditional enemies of the Jedi, the most notorious of these being the Sith. Darth Maul, for instance, had been raised and trained by Darth Sidious to prey upon Jedi. Others were former Jedi driven to the dark side by unfortunate, traumatic events, and, believing their former mentors responsible, decided to pursue a homicidal grudge against the Order. Examples of such beings included Asajj Ventress, Aurra Sing, or the Sith Lord Darth Vader. Some Jedi hunters were ordinary beings with bodies heavily augmented by cybernetic enhancements that allowed them to compete with the Jedi on the physical level. However, if the being was naturally Force-sensitive, then the lack of flesh could prevent the use of certain Force powers, such as Force lightning. The most notable example of a cybernetic Jedi hunter was the CIS military leader General Grievous. Grievous was equipped with computers slaved to his brain that increased his reflexes and precision to superhuman levels, and a largely mechanical body that provided him with superhuman speed, strength and stamina. Arguably, Darth Vader could also be considered an example of a cyborg Jedi hunter, as his armored body suit provided him with limited resistance to lightsaber blows, and his prosthetic limbs and implants provided him with vastly augmented strength and stamina. Another example was the Gen'Dai bounty hunter Durge, who originally received cybernetic implants to combat the Mandalorians, but found them to be equally effective against Jedi.There were also whole series of droids created specifically to assassinate and hunt down the Jedi. As droids could not typically be sensed through the Force due to their inorganic nature (unless it was through the use of Mechu-deru, a rare ability among Jedi), and could have their physical attributes extraordinarily augmented, they could be extremely effective Jedi hunters. Examples of such droids included the IG-100 MagnaGuards, HK-50 series assassin droids, or the Droideka, though the latter were not originally designed with Jedi hunting in mind.In addition to droid, some organic creatures were specifically bred or altered to hunt Jedi, such as the voxyn and terentatek. These creatures often had their aggressive tendencies greatly enhanced by brain modification and conditioning, and their bodies were often genetically modified to allow for overwhelming physical capabilities or specialized combat abilities. Some, such as the terentatek, were genetically engineered to develop heavy armor plates that provided limited protection against lightsabers. However, many hunters were not Force-users, heavily augmented cyborgs, droids, or genetically created/altered creatures, but were instead ordinary people. These hunters often relied on skill and cunning as opposed to sheer power to bring down Jedi. Skilled hunters understood that confronting a Jedi with standard tactics and equipment was often doomed to failure, so many of them employed novel, unorthodox strategies and weaponry. One of the more standard Jedi killing weapons was the slugthrower, a weapon that employed chemically propelled solid projectiles instead of an energy discharge. These weapons were extremely useful when confronting an individual with a lightsaber, as the standard metal projectiles utilized in most slugthrowers could not be redirected by a lightsaber in the same manner as a blaster bolt; they simply vaporized on contact with the blade. Flamethrowers also worked well, as the jet of fire produced by one could not be blocked by a lightsaber. A skilled enough Jedi could use the Force to shield themselves from the flames, but this took considerable effort and uncommon strength in the Force. Sonic weapons could interfere with a Jedi's concentration, and as such could undermine their connection to the Force. Use of proper mental techniques to cloud one's intentions made ambush an option. Quality poisoned darts were silent and worked too quickly for Jedi to counter. These weapons were of limited use on a large-scale battlefield, but deadly against Jedi. The notorious Jedi hunter HK-47 believed that the best weapons for killing Jedi were either sonic based weapons or high explosives, while poison gas was effective but to a lesser degree. As only a very skilled Jedi was capable of using a lightsaber as a ranged weapon, most Jedi preferred to engage a target at close quarters, making land-mines an extremely effective weapon. Energy shields were also useful, as lightsabers had a difficult time penetrating most military issue energy shields. Many Jedi hunters often used weapons and armor made of lightsaber-resistant materials. For instance, the IG-100 MagnaGuard series droids utilized electostaffs made of phrik alloys that allowed the droids to engage in melee combat against Jedi, and the bounty hunter Cad Bane owned a specialized, handmade carbine that fired cortosis projectiles. Though this weapon could short-out lightsaber blades and was extraordinarily deadly, Bane rarely used it as the cortosis ammunition was expensive, and firing such ammunition put a great deal of stress on the weapon. During his tenure as a Sith Lord, Revan also developed techniques that enabled Force-insensitive individuals to deal with Jedi Force abilities. Targeting the allies of a Jedi, or even just random bystanders, was a favorite among such Jedi hunters as most Jedi were willing to put themselves in harms way to protect others. Sniping and using cover were also useful, as many Force abilities decrease substantially in effectiveness without a direct line of sight to the target. HK-47 also believed that it was critical not to over-plan the assassination of a Jedi, as it seemed that such planning often backfired due to Jedi precognition. In addition, it was possible for a Force-insensitive individual to learn how to "hide their minds" from Jedi by broadcasting strong emotions while thinking about something unrelated. This made Force-insensitive assassins in particular very difficult for Jedi to detect with the Force. Psychological warfare was also extremely effective against Jedi, as a Jedi's connection to the Force was largely based on their emotional state.Lightsaber collecting was also a fairly common practice among Jedi Hunters. As they were unique to each Jedi, they provided proof of kill, and could be kept as trophies. The bounty hunter Boba Fett and the Mandalorian raider Sherruk were known to collect lightsabers. Some hunters would also make personal use of their collected lightsabers, such as Grievous or Aurra Sing. At the end of the Hundred-Year Darkness, Jedi hunters helped defeat the Dark Jedi at the Battle of Corbos. When Revan became a Sith Lord following the Mandalorian Wars, he employed both specialized Sith assassins and Force-insensitive assassins to kill Jedi. Utilizing assassination techniques the Jedi had never seen before, Revan decimated the Order nearly to the point of extinction. During the First Jedi Purge, the Sith Lord Darth Sion achieved infamy as one of the greatest Jedi hunters of all time, along with his Sith triumvirate partner, Darth Nihilus. Nihilus however, did not hunt Jedi in a traditional manner or for traditional reasons. Rather, he sought to kill Jedi as a form of sustenance, using his unique variant of Force drain to consume their life and Force energy. While he could and did strip other lifeforms of their energy, sometimes even on a planetary scale, Jedi were especially targeted by him as they provided more energy than most other beings. Sion, on the other hand, sought the extinction of the Jedi purely out of malice. In the Mandalorian Wars, Dungeon ships were developed to move and capture Jedi prisoners, and were later reused with Universal Energy Cages in the Great Jedi Purge. The assassin droid HK-47 also became a notorious Jedi hunter during this time period. General Grievous was among the greatest and most feared Jedi hunters, personally killing numerous Jedi in lightsaber combat during the course of the Clone Wars. He was notable as a rare example of a non-Force sensitive being who nevertheless could hold his own against the Jedi in lightsaber combat.Following the end of Clone Wars, the clone troopers of the 501st Legion were placed in the service of Darth Vader, a Jedi-turned-Sith and the most infamous Jedi Hunter in galactic history. During Operation: Knightfall, Vader, alongside the 501st, sacked the Jedi temple and massacred hundreds of Jedi, from venerated Masters to Youngling. Vader would later go on to kill dozens more Jedi during the Purge until Palpatine called it off, believing the remaining few Jedi to be of no threat to his plans. Due to their role in the Great Jedi Purge, the 501st became vicious Jedi hunters in their own right, earning the nickname 'Vader's Fist'. Following the fall of the Galactic Empire, the Jedi enjoyed a short time of peace, until the Yuuzhan Vong invaded. These extragalactic warriors swept through the galaxy taking entire worlds and waging war on the New Republic. Realizing that their biggest threat came from the Jedi themselves, and hating the fact that they controlled a mystical energy field called the Force, which the Yuuzhan Vong could not touch, and seemed to not even exist in, the invaders called for the extermination of the Jedi in exchange for an empty promise of peace. An entire faction of New Republic citizens caved, forming a group called the Peace Brigade, and began to hunt the Jedi, turning them over to the Yuuzhan Vong. By the end of the Sith–Imperial War, many Jedi were surviving but scattered throughout the galaxy. The One Sith organization placed bounties on Jedi and for the next seven years, new Jedi hunters began snuffing out Jedi who weren't careful enough, nearly fulfilling the Sith's goal of the Jedi's extermination. Soon, all hunters had to keep their eyes out for the last Skywalker, whom the galaxy thought had ended at Ossus. The Sith Lord Darth Krayt wanted him because of his healing power.
Jockeys were professional racers who rode creatures such as fathiers on courses including the Canto Bight racetrack on Cantonica. Speeder jockeys piloted speeders instead of living creatures.The jockeys on Canto Bight, who included Shuma Kalamo, Pinrado Noza, Arca Yroca, and the celebrated Krin Kallibin, were sponsored in their endurance races where raw speed was the ultimate factor in victory. These jockeys wore sleek lycresh suits to help reduce weight and air drag while riding, and they used electrocrops to apply force to their fathiers for key bursts of speed. Some jockeys used stimulants during races.
The Journal Clerk was one of the aides who was stationed in the Chancellor's Podium in the Galactic Senate.
Loggers were beings who made their living by cutting down trees for lumber. The Greel Wood Logging Corporation employed loggers of many species, including Humans, Reigats, Wookiees, Whiphids, and Esoomians.
A martial artist was a person who practiced martial arts, a form of melee combat. Many do not use any weapons at all, but have trained their body to be a living weapon. However, there were some martial arts forms that did use some weapons, such as the Stava form of the Noghri, and the Petranaki form of the Geonosians. There were also schools that trained force-sensitive martial artists on how to combine the use of the Force into their combat form. Both the Jedi and the Sith monitored these martial arts schools for potential recruits, knowing that ideal candidates could be found among these exceptional individuals who focused their mind and body in harmony with the Force.
Navulators were hyperlane specialists. Multiple navulators worked for the San Tekka clan, several of whom were sent by the family to investigate the Great Hyperspace Disaster. Navulators shaved their heads to make room for implants that allowed them to calculate hyperspace coordinates precisely.
A nest negotiator was a position within Geelan society. Each individual nest had a negotiator to assist in the group's business affairs.
A net-maker was a being who made nets. Corm-Kairuku was a net-maker.
Odalisques were people who served in the entourages of crime lords on the moon Nar Shaddaa during the Galactic Civil War.
Operatives were spies responsible for providing information, equipments or goods to a faction. While the term could refer to specialized combat troops, some operatives were non-combatants who used stealth or subterfuge to infiltrate a target. Some operatives worked in support services or were employees of corporations which supply ships or weapons. The Rebel Alliance, the Galactic Empire, the Sith Empire and the Hutts used operatives on several worlds.During the years of the Great Galactic War and the Cold War that followed it circa 3653 BBY, the term "operative" was used to refer to a specific breed of Imperial Agent. These operatives served the resurgent Sith Empire and were combat capable. They were known for wielding blaster rifles and energy blades, and utilized stealth field generators. After the Battle of Ralltiir where Alliance soldiers under Commander Luke Skywalker participated in the defense of the planet from the Empire, many of Ralltiir's population felt indebted to the Rebellion and became operatives. On Kashyyyk, Imperials used hunters who tracked down escaped Wookiee slaves and reported their location. The Empire and Trandoshans paid a high price for that kind of information. Alternatively, following the subjugation of Kashyyyk by the Empire, the Alliance hired merchants to purchase Wookiee slaves to be freed.BakkuReginna Bel TypollaCipher NineAiren CrackenMargo FlarestreamVin NorthalBerren Sid TéVerena Talos
Pack trackers were individuals employed at the Kuat Passenger Port to transport passenger luggage by using repulsorcarts. Benni was one of the innumerable pack trackers that plied their trade on the space station.
A page was an attendant who ran errands and carried messages for high ranking officials. The Royal House of Naboo employed a number of pages in its Royal Palace in Theed. Before he ended up in the spice mines of Kessel, Baxin Winstoll was once a page in the Senate of the Galactic Empire.
A permitor was a professional bureaucrat operating in the city of Depatar, in the gas giant Genarius. A permitor operated for one or more visitors to the city, providing them with authorizations for whatever rights they might need. The bureaucracy of Depatar was based in permits, documents that granted a person a specific right such as the right to bear blaster weapons, or to gamble, or to question another individual. A permit was valid only for an individual, not to anyone bearing it; as visitors were mandatory disguised while in Depatar, the permit identified the mask. As visitors were commonly unfamiliar with the local laws and norms, and at the same time punishment was severe (expulsion of the city, with or without a transport, for not having the proper permit), visitors were supposed to hire a permitor during the stay. Permitors were familiar with the laws and were supposed to inform their clients about the permits they needed, and the prices for them. A permit could require up to four hours to approve; but some permitors were skillful forgers and could produce a fake permit in less than one minute. The local authorities, who were also crime lords, profited from both legal and illegal permits. To avoid a constant harassment of visitors by potential permitors, every visitor could have only one permitor. The first person to sell a permitor to a guest became automatically that guest's official permitor, with first right to obtain successive permits for that person. Should the guest be dissatisfied with that permitor, the guest could ask for a transfer of representation permit and then hire a different permit. This also turned permitors into unofficial guides and dedicated workers. Some permitors were affiliated to Houses or guilds. The permitor would try to lead the guests to business also affiliated to the same House. Known permitors include Delan, Fot Ducela, Furran, Gusimin the Honest, Koyi Kobad, Maltok and Sadana. Known Houses to which permitors were associated include House Intari, House Keltal, House Pthen and House Renseth.
Philosophers were individuals who developed systems of ideas about reality. Most beings in the galaxy assumed that all Ithorians were peaceful gardeners who engaged in contemplative philosophy. Sio Bibble, the Governor of Naboo under Queen Amidala, was a philosopher. Braata Danlos, Faya Rodemos, Sistros Nevet, and Yanjon Zelmar were the four ancient Four Sages of Dwartii, controversial philosophers-lawgivers from the early days of the Galactic Republic. According to Grand Admiral Thrawn of the Imperial Navy, it was important to understand an enemy's philosophy to defeat them.
A philosopher was an individual who studied philosophy. Sio Bibble, Governor of Naboo during the reign of Queen Amidala, was a philosopher. Bucrkam Inney was a quartz philosopher.
A picador was an individual who rode a domesticated mount beast, and kept order with mostly undomesticated beasts in a staged event, such as a fight, or an arena. Geonosian picadors were drones who maintained control of the creatures and criminals in the Geonosis arena. The job of picador was one of the few positions of note to which a Geonosian drone could aspire. Drones of any caste could become picadors after they had proved themselves in the arena. Upon acceptance, the drones would learn the work of goading beasts and removing bodies using domesticated orrays that served as mounts during Petranaki arena events. Mounted picadors used a static pike to control beasts.
A plumber was a tradesperson who specialized in installing and maintaining systems involving water and sewage. A plumber's helper was one of many tools used in the trade.
Plummet bookies were individuals living on the lowest levels of the moon Nar Shaddaa, who took bets relating to corpses that fell down from the higher levels of the cityscape, such as when the next body would arrive, what species it would be, and what condition the cadaver would be in.Tempest Feud
A porter was a job among the Lanai Caretakers of Ahch-To. Grebe-Korora was a porter.
A portmaster, also spelled port master, was an individual responsible for supervising the operations of a spaceport. T. Alvak's father served as the senior port master of the Imperial base on Tieos during his naval career.
"Poundies" was the term given to the crews of the smelting ships operated by the Minos-Mestra Corporation in the Mestra system. The poundies were a unique subculture within the system; they were hated by the miners as poundies were known to claim jump by using their ships to crush asteroids claimed by miners with only the barest warning.
A prospector was an occupation held by some individuals in the galaxy. Dexter Jettster was a prospector on Subterrel prior to the Clone Wars. Prospectors also worked on Tatooine. At one point, a number of prospectors believed that the mineral bene was found at Plibene Rock.
A puppeteer was a job.
A quarantine inspector was tasked with carefully checking astrocultural freight for a travel agency's customs. By the year 4.3 ABY,the quarantine inspectors for the Star Tours travel agency's Tomorrowland Starport were two PanaRobos, P-6 and S-4. They worked in the Quarantine Section of the starport's Baggage Claim, under the supervision of an R2 unit.
A quartz philosopher was an occupation. Bucrkam Inney was a quartz philosopher.
A racer was an individual who participated in a race. Loo Re Anno was one of the most famous and respected racers in the galaxy, as well as the oldest.
The rainmen were mechanics who repaired signal towers in all weather conditions on the rainy planet Donovia. During the Separatist Crisis some Donovian rainmen became freighter trampers and a group of at least three human rainmen traveled on board the AA-9 Freighter-Liner Jendirian Valley while it transported refugees from the planet Coruscant to the planet Naboo in 22 BBY.
Regional Director was a title given to some Imperial officers that had control in certain regions. Hazar Yupcavage was one such director.
Roustabouts were members of a spacer crew that served in two capacities; as cargo loaders, similar to crate-busters, but also as enforcers who protected the crew and fought any enemies that the crew made. Roustabouts were generally former mercenaries who signed on with a starship crew. Klatooinians made particularly effective roustabouts.
Scantechs were individuals that monitored starship arrivals and departures. Merven Getter and Vel Carann were scantechs that lived during the High Republic Era. Their space station was destroyed during the Great Hyperspace Disaster, killing them both.
Scouts, also known as explorers or rangers, were individuals who charted new hyperspace routes and explored unknown planets or unknown planetary areas as well as planets or planetary areas occupied by enemy forces, either working for a government, a corporation, or as an independent. Most major governments, including the Galactic Republic, Galactic Empire and the New Republic had their own scout services. In 4000 BBY, government scouts were organized as the Republic Astrogation Survey Team, a part of the Science and Culture Administration. The Imperial Survey Corps was much more tightly controlled than its Galactic Republic predecessor. The Humanocentric biases of the Empire, the ISC's new emphasis on finding worlds for the Empire to ruthlessly exploit and conquer, and attempts to recruit scouts into the Imperial Starfleet led many scouts to join the Alliance to Restore the Republic. The company Lardanis Survival Systems made equipment specifically for explorers. The New Republic formed its own scout service soon after its formation, with the goal of rejuvenating exploration of Wild Space and the Unknown Regions and undoing some of the damage the ISC had done.
A secretary was an occupation. Within Geelan society, each nest appointed a secretary to assist in handling the group's business affairs.
A Security Revenue Agent was responsible for overseeing galactic credit transactions, watching for potential fraudulent activity.
A signals analyst was a position in the Imperial Survey Corps. Kidi Aleri was a signals analyst before she deserted and joined the Alliance to Restore the Republic.
Skalds were servants sent out to find valuable mining, farming, or building sites for their masters. They were usually in debt to their masters, and were rarely set free. Pupaku the Klatooinian was a Skald.
Steerage overseers were officials led by Constable Marcel Shradeer who were authorised to intervene whenever problems arose between passengers on board the AA-9 Freighter-Liner Jendirian Valley. The freighter was populated by several of the overseers, who carried stun batons and were able to force troublesome passengers to disembark whenever the starship next landed. These strict measures allowed all passengers traveling on the Jendirian Valley to travel in relative peace and tranquillity.
A steward was a being who served aboard starships such as luxury liners. They were responsible for the care of passengers aboard such ships.
A systems analyst was a position held by Human female Lomina Argo and Valsi Nocurja in 22 BBY.
Tax collectors were government officials used to collect taxes. The Galactic Empire employed tax collectors and Tax Inspectors within the Imperial Taxation Bureau.
A taxidermist was an individual who specialized in the stuffing and mounting of dead animals for display, generally as hunting trophies. Taxidermists were required to specially prepare Camray eels from Spira for show; despite being much sought after as trophies, the stench that emanated from the corpse upon death was vile. Taxidermists prepared the body in such a way as to eliminate the odour.
Thermocapsulary dehousing assister was a job that could be performed by R2 series astromech droids. The protocol droid C-3PO once described his counterpart R2-D2, a feisty R2 unit, as a thermocapsulary dehousing assister.
Thermocapsulary dehousing assister was a job that could be performed by R2-series astromech droids. R2-D2 served as a thermocapsulary dehousing assister aboard the Tantive IV.
A Tibanna gas panner was an Ugnaught blood profession. Gas panners passed their skills down to their children. In the event that there were more Ugnaughts than there were available job positions, a blood duel was called where Ugnaughts fought a series of battles to the death to inherit their blood profession.
A top tracker, also known as a terrain tracer was a professional who was adept at tracking the movements of individuals or animals across various terrain types. A number of top trackers served the Galactic Empire. Additionally, due to the similar demands of their occupation, many bounty hunters were top trackers as well.
The Tourist Director was the name of a job in the Tourist Center company on Coruscant. The Tourist Director was responsible for directing customers to their destinations. They also assisted customers with their complaints and had access to company comlinks which customers were not authorized to use.
A trapper was a type of hunter. Nokk, Pehk, and Dobias Cole-Truten were all trappers.
A trapper was a type of hunter. The majority of the Lasat, a sentient species native to the planet Lasan, as well as the Trandoshan hunter Qyzen Fess, were trappers.
A travel agent was an individual who helped to arrange travel and holidays for other beings. Travel agents were known to work on the resort planet Spira.
Treasure hunting was an occupation that involved hunting down lost treasures. The treasure hunter Zool Zendiat and his Zendiat Collective sought a J9 worker drone on the planet Jakku that they believed held a treasure map in its head.Star Wars Adventures, Volume 1: Heroes of the Galaxy
Treasure hunting is the activity of tracking down valuable items or artifacts with the intent of keeping them, or selling them for profit. During the Cold War adventurers could specialize in this with the intent of tracking down rare gemstones, rare lockboxes and other valuable items. Later, Corellia Antilles would engage in treasure hunting on behalf of the New Republic.
Troubleshooters were agents employed by the Tapani Noble Houses to deal with delicate and dangerous situations. Troubleshooters were experts at dealing with and solving crisises, and were called upon to handle anything that threatened the stability of the House. This included kidnappings, blackmail, routing out and dealing with spies, countering terrorism, and even stopping the advances of unwelcome suitors. Troubleshooters were loyal to their House and protected the members and assets from both physical harm and from the effects that scandals would have on the noble's reputations.
The Tunroth Hunters were an elite organization within the Tunroth culture. Only the most capable hunters ever became Hunters, a process that involved a three month initiation rite, and acceptance by three other Hunters. This was decided based on the skill, judgment and motivation of the candidate. Undesirable qualities, such as being particularly argumentative and greedy, could bar admission regardless of the candidate's skills. There were twenty-seven Hunter levels, with progression determined by strict guidelines. The twelfth level was known as shturlan and the nineteenth as chirlan. Stiilran was the twenty-seventh and highest level, a class virtually never achieved—no Tunroth gained it during the reigns of either the Galactic Republic, Galactic Empire, or the New Republic. Virtually all Tunroth aspired to gain a high level as a Hunter, with the greatest Hunters memorialized in the ancient Hall of Predation. This was considered a sacred edifice to the Tunroth, the only such monument they acknowledged. Some notable Tunroth Hunters were Kiran Tatch (shturlan) and Tonas Vueral (chirlan). Shotarr Kass, a Black Sun operative, also aspired to be a Hunter.
Weapons master was a role that the Kajain'sa'Nikto Vizam held within the criminal empire of the Hutt crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure during the reign of the Galactic Empire.
A weaver was an artistic endeavor. Many such artists worked on the planet Naboo. Before her recruitment as a Handmaiden in 32 BBY, Yané worked a loom to make blankets for a hospital, and kept that skill to carry secrets during the Invasion of Naboo.
An agronomist was a scientist whose expertise was soil management and field-crop production.
A bantha herder was an individual who herded banthas. The Kadas'sa'Nikto mechanic Neeku Vozo came from a long line of bantha herders.
A bantha herder was an individual who would herd banthas on the desert planet of Tatooine.
Botanists were individuals who studied plants for medical and scientific purposes.The entire Ho'Din and Ithorian species were renowned botanists. Individuals included Plett, Momaw Nadon, and Baji. The Naboo Professor Hallem Celaar was a botanist that assisted in developing Naboo's Ohma-D'un colony.
Farmers, also known as ranchers, were farm workers or owners. On desert worlds like Tatooine, moisture farmers harvested water from the atmosphere. During the Age of the Empire, farmers on Lothal were often dispossessed of their land.
Farmers were individuals who worked on farms. Moisture farmers worked on desert worlds to harvest water.
A fisherman was one who caught fish as a way of life.The fishermen of the Rebel Alliance safe world Sanctuary were able to export many tons of fish every year to the Rebellion's cause.
Gorgmonger was the term applied to any sentient being who farmed and sold gorgs, such as Gragra on the desert planet of Tatooine.
A horticulturist was a scientist whose field of study involved plant cultivation and the process of preparing soil for the planting of seeds. They worked and conducted research in the disciplines of crop production, plant breeding, genetic engineering, plant biochemistry, and plant physiology.
A krill farmer was an individual who harvested and captured krill. Krill farmers seeded ponds to attract the creatures, a process that could take generations to fully come to fruition. The farmers scooped the krill into baskets, then drained the water. In 9 ABY,According to , The Mandalorian is set five years after Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi. Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates the events of Return of the Jedi to 4 ABY, meaning that The Mandalorian is set in 9 ABY. a human tribe on Sorgan consisted of krill farmers. The krill were used to brew the drink spotchka, which was served at a nearby common house.
A land baron was a title used on Ord Mantell for agricultural property owners. Taxer Sundown was a land baron who killed other barons and usurped their lands.
A log runner was a profession on the planet Sorgan.
A moisture farmer or vapor farmer was an individual who operated a moisture farm, using vaporators to harvest excess humidity in the atmosphere. On sun-scorched worlds like Tatooine, most settlers of the desert were moisture farmers. Notable examples included members of the Lars family, Cliegg, his son Owen, the latter's wife Beru. Moisture farmers built their homesteads to be partially buried in the ground, as this protected them from wind and heat and kept the residence cool.
Moisture farmers were harvesters of water on very arid planets such as Tatooine, Ord Mantell and Molavar. The harvested water could be sold at a market or used by the farmers themselves in hydroponic gardens. The water was harvested using moisture vaporators, which were able to yield up to two liters of condensed water a day. However, this figure could vary dramatically depending on location. Areas of the Dune Sea, particularly near the Jundland Wastes, were known to be particularly dry. On Tatooine, moisture farmers were often vulnerable to thieves and bandits who would steal their profits. Owen Lars, like his father Cliegg Lars, was a moisture farmer on Tatooine. Ramiz was a moisture farmer on Aduba-3. Tahiri Veila was born to a couple of moisture farmers on Tatooine in 13 ABY, that were descended from a Jedi of the Old Order. The Tatooine Moisture Farm Collective often employed hunters to kill wild creatures that were known to attack moisture farmers.
Musk Merchants were merchantmen who hunted thrantcills for their organs and flesh which contained various musks, oils, and chemicals to be sold.
Nerf herders were individuals who herded members of the nerf species. The phrase could also be used as an insult. A number of nerf herders could be found on Eadu.Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide
A nerf herder, also spelled "nerf-herder" or "nerfherder," was someone who herded nerfs on various planets throughout the galaxy. As it was perceived as an occupation for lower-class beings, the term "nerf herder" became an insult used throughout the galaxy. Nerf herders were often somewhat simple, but as a result of living outdoors and fighting off anything that interfered with their herds, they became quite capable.
A sap collector was someone who collected sap from trees for the making of syrup. This was the first job of Holshef, who in his later years was an elderly poet and painter on Lothal. He worked in Far Hiradne, collecting sap to make greel-wood syrup.
The yaggie men hunted yaggies for meat and hide.
An acrobat was a type of performer who entertained audiences through feats of gymnastics skill and agility. Due to their natural dexterity, members of the Gados species made excellent acrobats. For instance, the Leaping Tee family toured the galaxy as a acrobat troupe. Due to their natural communal intelligence and ability to work together flawlessly, groups of Bilars made excellent acrobats as well. Certain droids, known as acrobat droids, also entertained through acrobatics.
An actor, or actress, was an individual who acted in a performance, including holodramas and plays. Risha Synata was a legendary actress active during the Clone Wars.
An actor, or an actress, was one who acted in a performance, including holodramas and plays. One such play was called Jedi!, in which actor Palleus Chuff portrayed the famous Jedi Master Yoda. Both Tetran Cowall and Garik Loran were famous actors during the Imperial Period. Luke Skywalker once pretended to be an actor impersonating himself while undercover on Corellia.
An architect was an individual who designed buildings or structures. The construction of the Death Star battle station required the permanent on-site presence of habitat architects, in addition to scientists and weapons specialists. Tiaan Jerjerrod, a scion of wealthy family from Tinnel IV, worked as an architect before he became an Imperial Moff. Orson Callan Krennic was largely responsible for the remodeling and expansion of Republic Center for Military Operations. There also existed models of droids that fulfilled that function. The architects of Jedi temples designed the buildings to reflect their personalities, and Kanan Jarrus speculated that the architect of the Lothal Jedi Temple had a fondness for mystery.
Artists were individuals who created original works of art. In the days of the Galactic Republic, the Colonial Academy offered art classes. Following the rise of the Galactic Empire, Mandalorian artist and rebel Sabine Wren became notorious for painting rebellious graffiti as a form of propaganda. Chefs sufficiently skilled at cooking considered their work to be art.
An artist referred to someone who created art, particularly drawings or paintings. Artists during the time surrounding the Clone Wars and subsequent Galactic Civil War included Ebenn Q3 Baobab, Gayla Riemann, and Walls, among others. During the Clone Wars, there was a colony of Togruta artists on Kiros. They pursued art and beauty instead of the violence of the war.
An author was someone who wrote literature. Depending on the specific type of literature, authors were called by various other names including dramatists, writers, playwrights, or poets.Lyechusas was the most renowned dramatist of the Lisst'n species, and was notable for penning three trilogies on the life of Xim the Despot. Hako Armado was a Rodian dramatist during the years of the New Republic.Heroes & Rogues
Clowns were comic entertainers acting for the amusement of the audience. Preigo's Traveling World of Wonder employed a Gamorrean clown. After Jar Jar Binks was exiled by his people for his role in the rise of the Galactic Empire, he became a clown, performing on the streets of Theed, Naboo.
Clowns were beings who dressed funny and/or acted ridiculous. They are often used for performances and comedies, and are similar in roles to jesters. They are generally identified by possessing outlandish clothing and wearing makeup, generally given colors of white with some colored lips. Han Solo often used the term as an insult. Aleena clowns often performed in circuses.
A Dreamdancer was a type of dancer. The Twi'lek Nar Chan was a noted dreamdancer on the planet Coruscant.
An entertainer was a person who performed in front of audiences for money. It was a general term that could be applied to singers, dancers, musicians and acrobats. One famous band was Figrin D'an and the Modal Nodes. For some species, entertaining was a way of life. One well known species who considered this were the Twi'lek. Bith were known to play musical instruments, and were known as some of the best musicians in the galaxy (Figrin D'an and the Modal Nodes were Bith).
A fortune teller was a being who would predict an individual's futures. Some fortune tellers were Force-sensitive, and used their connection to the Force to make accurate predictions. The Sljee Jeseej was a Force-sensitive fortune teller. Local haruspexes on the planet Darlyn Boda used the entrails of native toccats to give a prophetic reading as part of their grassroots fortune-telling business.
Gill-singers were a type of singer. Illoria Daze, a gill-singer from Hetzal Prime who lived during the High Republic Era, could vibrate her vocal apparatus to sing melodies in a six-part harmony.
A holostar, also called a holoactor was a noted performer in holodramas. Holostars were quite often wealthy from their success in the entertainment industry and widely recognizable. Notable holostars included Amber Jevanche,Planet of Twilight Garik Loran,X-Wing: Wraith Squadron Tetran Cowall, Rex Shaxrigge, Syal Antilles Fel, known as Wynssa Starflare and Javul Charn
A musician was an individual who specialized in playing music. The Max Rebo Band and Melodic Order were both groups of musicians. The Gozzo Flix wanted to become a cantina singer, but his dream never became fruitful.
Musicians, sometimes called recording artists, were beings who sang or played music with any number of instruments. There were both sentient musicians and droid musicians.
A poet was someone who wrote poetry. Holshef was a human male poet and artist who lived on Lothal. He wrote poems and painted pictures to express his dissatisfaction with the effect that the policies of the Galactic Empire had on the planet, but this only resulted in an arrest warrant, forcing him into hiding.
A poet was someone who made up poems and rhymes. They were held in high esteem in tribal cultures where they were usually shaman or medicine men. When in the depths of despair and exhaustion after witnessing Force visions of the death of Padmé Amidala and confused about his role in the Clone Wars, Anakin Skywalker recalled Obi-Wan Kenobi telling him of a poet he had once read. Though he could no longer recall the exact line from the poet that Kenobi had quoted, he remembered it as being something along the lines of "there is no greater misery than to remember, with bitter regret, a day when you were happy." Males of the Gamorrean species wrote love poems for their spouses during winters on their homeworld Gamorr. The Human Sebastin Onyx worked as a translator for the mostly illiterate boars such as Guth to support himself financially. Gamorrean poetry was also read nightly in Hutt-style chuba cantinas in the Mirrsteel Heights towers on the Kwenn Space Station in Hutt Space.AdranaxAsenecAvamarivashOmar BerenkoInside the Worlds of Star Wars: Attack of the ClonesDarth PlagueisFellouxThe New Essential ChronologyHoralaxSoshu LondahlSebastin OnyxHari SeldonaTeeboShawn Valdez
An sculptor was a type of artist who specialized in creating sculptures. The Wookiee Warrchallra was a wroshyr wood sculptor.
A sculptor was an artist who specialized in creating in sculptures. Balinaka artisan sculptors were integral to the creation of Garnib crystal, as they created the initial sculptures around which the work of art was based.
Veil dancer was a sensuous Zeltron occupation. Githany was compared to one.
An animal trainer was an individual who trained non-sentient creatures. Dams Denna, a resident of Naboo during the Invasion of Naboo, was an animal trainer. "Fingers" was the nick-name attributed to a female Zabrak animal herder. She specialized in training Borgle bats for arena pit-fighting competition. She hunted the dangerous creatures in their native jungle environment on the Naboo moon of Rori. On one occasion, a Borgle bat bit off two of the fingers on her right hand, earning the Zabrak the uncomplimentary nickname, Fingers.
Beast charmers were a subset of the society of the Amaran species. One beast charmer once wore trousers, a vest, gloves, a necklace, and earrings while holding a staff. The beast charmer held one creature in the right hand while holding another winged creature on a perch at the end of the staff.
Beast masters, also known as beast handlers or creature handlers, were masters who handled animals and often worked in circuses and arenas. They were also animal collectors for beautiful, dangerous and exotic animals from all over the galaxy such as the wampa, nexu, acklay, narglatch, rancor, bursa, and reek. Rare creatures collected by beast masters included the gundark and the Ixzinian rock ram. Creatures such as the wampa, gundark, hanadak and the rancor were trained for the arena by beast masters. Jango Fett killed a beast master's borhek in a beast pit on Outland Transit Station.
A beastmaster was an individual who tamed and trained non-sentient species. The human Malakili worked as a beastmaster in Hutt circuses and in Jabba's Palace.
A code dealer was an information broker who could supply the passcodes to access certain restricted NewsNet channels. The channels were usually of an illegal nature, and the codes were only supplied to trusted individuals, or those that had been recommended to the code dealer by an existing customer. The infochant ConJob on Tanquilla Beach was a code dealer who could supply the codes to access Cynabar's InfoNet.
A computer linguist was a specialist in creating and working with computer languages. They often worked closely with programmers and droid specialists.
A cryptologist, or cryptographer was an individual who mastered the art of writing and/or solving secret codes. The Givin Drusil Bephorin was a noted cryptologist. According to Admiral Garrick Versio, Seyn Marana was a master cryptologist.
A cryptologist was a decoder skilled in the analysis of codes and cryptograms.Aren Bron
Cyber-strategists were organic strategists tasked with commanding legions of battle droids. Hutt kajidics often employed such specialists.Star Wars: Uprising—Crew Member: "Hutt Cyber-Strategist"
D/Crypt technicians were employees of D/Crypt Information Services, a corporation based in Mos Eisley, Tatooine, around 4 ABY. On-site slicing and data retrieval were two of the main responsibilities for a D/Crypt technician. Slave I, a starship once owned by Boba Fett, was successfully broken into by a D/Crypt lead technician hired by fellow bounty hunter Bossk.
Datatechs were specialized technicians, skilled in the retrieval of coded computer information locked behind encrypted computer files. After Automata Galactica acquired Industrial Intelligence through a less than amicable merger, Industrial Intelligence encrypted much of their top-secret project data. Datatechs, working alongside slicers, worked for years to decrypt the information.
A programmer was someone who wrote computer programs and data systems. During the Imperial Era, Merei Spanjaf, obtained a snooper program from the Gray Syndicate as part of her quest to help her boyfriend Zare Leonis find his missing sister Dhara Leonis.
A programmer was someone who developed programs and software. Luwingo worked as a programmer on his planet before becoming a smuggler.
A "slicer" was an individual who specialized in slicing into computer systems and programs, and breaking encryption. Nine months after the First Battle of Geonosis, scientists working for Separatist leader Count Dooku successfully sliced into the Republic HoloNet by seeding the spaceways with hyperwave transceiver nodes of a novel design. Dooku used this access to the HoloNet to broadcast propaganda Shadowfeeds. Eight years after the rise of the Galactic Empire, on the planet Gorse the explosives expert Skelly built all his computers from kits so that they were safe from slicing while he gathered evidence that the Empire's continued mining on Gorse's moon Cynda would result the moon being torn apart. Zaluna Myder, a shift leader for the surveillance company Transcept Media Solutions on Gorse, was capable of slicing into various Imperial systems. When Myder joined Skelly, Kanan Jarrus, and Hera Syndulla on a mission to stop Count Denetrius Vidian's plan to destroy Cynda, she was able to slice into surveillance and communications systems and carried devices that helped her do so. However, when they had the opportunity to explore files downloaded from Vidian's cybernetically enhanced brain, Myder was unable to decrypt one of the files, claiming she was not a slicer. When confronted by Vidian, Myder's equipment fell out of her bag, leading the Count to believe she was indeed a slicer. Sabine Wren possessed slicing skills. Master Codebreaker and DJ were also professional slicers, with the latter being able to use a slicer virus for his works.
The term "slicer" was used to describe computer experts, often self-taught, who excelled at working within a complex computer network, and were able to extract information from this network with great skill. Often, this information was secured by any number and manner of encryption and lockout systems, and a skilled slicer was able to circumvent these systems without triggering alarms. The Galactic Empire, Alliance to Restore the Republic, New Republic, and assorted law-enforcement and criminal organizations as well as several members of the Jedi Order during the Old Republic employed computer experts to write and slice code. While most code slicing could be performed by droids, the "personal touch" was often required for special jobs. Slicers used specialized computers and scramble keys, many built by the slicers themselves, to eke out a living in the digital world. These computers were carefully guarded and constantly modified and upgraded by the slicer, who rarely discussed its specs except with like-minded individuals. Complex access codes and even self-destruct mechanisms were often used to prevent a slicer's computer from falling into the wrong hands. Many freelance slicers charged their clients for these "necessary" modifications as part of the requirements for the job in question.Slicers essentially had two, or sometimes more identities. In place of their true identity, slicers generally used code names; even regular business associates would not know a slicer's true identity. Keeping their true identity a secret was very important to successful slicers; they would rather not have to spend their time evading law-enforcement personnel, bounty hunters, and fringers with personal vendettas. Criminal slicers tended to use flashy pseudonyms, while government and corporate slicers often had militaristic code names or alphanumeric designations. Socketguards were specially designed to combat slicers. Slicer droids were intelligent automatons that excelled at sifting through mounds of useless data for the one needed factoid. One slicer went by the handle "Tiny F." Identity slicers were forgers who specialized in altering the identity of their client. Going beyond providing new identification papers or holographic disguises, skilled identity slicers could alter one's genetic code or construct a perfect genetic duplicate, as Anomid identity slicer Dretcher did for the con artist Gault Rennow.
An arms dealer was an individual who sold weapons. At the time of the Clone Wars, the Sugis were reputed to be the premier arms dealers in the galaxy. Those who specialized in weapons adapted to frigid environments were called sub-zero arms dealers. The male Ortolan known as "the Dragon" was an infamous arms dealer who operated on the planet Anthan Prime during the Galactic Civil War.
An arms dealer, arms merchant, or weapons dealer, was one who dealt in the trade of weapons. Weazel and a Trandoshan associate of his worked as arms dealers on Tatooine in 32 BBY, during which time the Hutt crime lord Dreddon was also active. During the Clone Wars, a Rodian named Pablo sold arms and armor in his pawnshop on Nal Hutta. The individual known as Gundark was a well-known arms dealer during the Galactic Civil War.
Assassins were beings or machines trained to kill other beings, either for hire or for political gain.Members of the profession were referred to by many euphemisms and epithets: "problem solvers" in the Corporate Sector Authority, "exterminators" in the Outer Rim Territories, and "slayers" in the Core Worlds. Whatever their name, most professional assassins were concerned solely with credits, though some killed for political or religious reasons, or merely for love of killing. This made assassins simultaneously the best-paid and most-despised members of the galaxy's underworld. Though assassination was illegal on most planets, on some, such as Umbara, assassinations were part of society. Many bounty hunters who had no objections to killing their targets or working for criminals straddled the line between assassin and bounty hunter.Orders of assassins in the galaxy included the Assassin's Guild, the Fpi Assassins, the Loag, the Malkite Poisoners, and the GenoHaradan. While assassins could come from a variety of sentient species, some species were disproportionately represented in the profession. These included Anzat, Tyluun Night-Soarers, Kerestians, Bartokk, Noghri, and Blood Carvers.Droids built to kill, such as IG-88A, HK-47, 4-LOM, and ASN-121, were known as assassin droids. Clone assassins were specialized clone troopers trained to kill Jedi with the art of Teras Kasi. Sith assassins were minions of the Sith who specialized in stealth and infiltration in order to kill the enemies of the Sith Lords. Jedi hunters were assassins who specialized in killing Jedi. General Grievous, Galen Marek, and Darth Vader were well-known Jedi hunters, the last playing a major part in the Great Jedi Purge. Many Jedi hunters were Sith; many others were simply skilled combatants with a hatred for the Jedi. Bounty hunters would almost always kill for bounty, although some captured living people. Hunters such as Jango Fett, Zam Wesell, Boba Fett, Zuckuss, Bossk, 4-LOM, and Dengar were sometimes referred to as assassins.
A black marketeer was a seller of illegal products on the black market.
A Black Sun Sector Chief was a leadership position in the Black Sun criminal syndicate who was responsible for the organization's activities in a given sector.
A capo was a title held by high ranking members of the Pyke Syndicate and Crimson Dawn. Pyke criminal Quay Tolsite, who administered the Pyke Syndicate's operations on Kessel, held this title. Only the most trusted capos in Crimson Dawn wore a signet ring as a symbol of their status.
A con artist was an individual who tricked other individuals out of their credits, secrets or information by way of lying, cheating or defrauding. During the waning years of the Galactic Republic, Dannl Faytonni was a con artist who sometimes wore fake military gear to disguise himself. Tak was as a con artist who robbed the elderly on Coruscant before he tried to rob the Princess of Kessel and was sent to work at the spice mines of Kessel. Ezra Bridger used to be a con artist and ran scams for survival on Lothal before joining the crew of the Ghost. The Ubdurian brothers Prashee and Cratinus, who frequented Takodana Castle, were con artists who used their identical appearances to their advantage whilst gambling.
A counterfeiter made counterfeit items, such as forged credits, credcards and/or identification documents. They were typically associated with smugglers and other sorts of criminals who needed to hide their own identities. The skills of a counterfeiter plying his or her trade in the galaxy could usually, though not always, be measured by the amount of credits they charged for a given job. Many counterfeiters also worked as con artists, though those who attempted to con others by providing substandard forgeries at inflated prices typically met violent ends. Wac Bur
A crime lord, also known as a crime lady,Choose Your Destiny: A Han & Chewie Adventure crime kingpin, or crime boss, was someone who ruled over a criminal organization. The Sith Lords Maul and Savage Opress became crime lords in their plot to gather multiple criminal syndicates as a base of power for their planned conquest during the Clone Wars. Maul continued to command Crimson Dawn into the time of the Galactic Empire. Luke Skywalker, Leia, and Han Solo—heroes of the Rebellion—had to escape greedy crime lords such as Jabba the Hutt in their adventures. The desert world of Tatooine, the swampy world of Nal Hutta, and the jungle world of Teth were amongst the many worlds ruled by Hutt Clan crime lords such as Jabba. During the reign of the Empire, Cikatro Vizago was a Devaronian crime lord who ran the Broken Horn Syndicate, whilst the Quarren Lallani was a crime lady who boasted Mandalorian mercenaries, and was a rival of Jabba's.
A crime lord was the local or planetary boss of a criminal organization. Crime lords would often surround themselves with lackeys, mercenaries, or bodyguards for protection. Crime lords who oversaw smuggling were known as "smuggling czars." "Crime lord" is a gender-neutral term and can be applied to either a male or a female. The goal of most crime lords was to make money. They would achieve this by participating in any illegal activity that generated income, like extortion, gambling, loan sharking, kidnapping, spice cultivation and distribution, and slave trading. The Squib Slythor ran a salvaging ring on the Outer Rim Territories world of Korad. Some crime lords preferred to only participate in certain, more "honest" activities such as gambling, loan-sharking, and smuggling because these activities did not harm people as much as extortion or kidnapping. In these activities, the crime lords didn't use cruelty and violence as means of achieving a given goal. Some crime lords even worked with other crime lords to maximize profits. Most successful crime lords had many police, security, and government officials on their payroll in order to operate efficiently. Gangsters also regularly entered into the service of crime lords, though usually these goons and thugs working for a crime lord were not paid nearly as well as the crime lord himself.The Hutts were famous for their ruthlessness and success in the underworld. Many Hutts would ransack innocent ships for their cargo. As masters of the criminal underworld, they would steal, cheat, and murder without hesitation, often hiring smugglers such as Han Solo to transport illegal spice, weapons, or slaves. Gamorreans and Weequay were commonly employed by Hutts. Hutts tended to ensconce themselves in fortresses, often on remote planets, such as Jabba's Palace on Tatooine. These fortresses were filled with mercenaries, bounty hunters, and innumerable other sycophants. Heading a ruthless criminal organization meant extreme competition and complex intrigues. Hutts that got involved with such activity were often killed or arrested. Only the most cunning, like Jabba and Borvo, stayed at the top of the food chain. Some Hutts, like Jabba, had such an influence that they actually controlled entire planets. Along with Gamorreans and Weequay, Nikto and other ruthless species looking to break into the criminal underworld were common visitors to Hutt palaces. It was well known that no one requested an audience with a Hutt without having something to offer. The Hutts associated with bounty hunters frequently, such as the infamous Boba Fett.
Data-couriers were individuals who smuggled illegal data. Such personages advertised their services openly at the Vergesso Base shadowport.
A dealmaker or fence was an individual involved in the Invisible Economy. Dealmakers could fence any stolen and contraband property for the right price.
The doyen was the leader of the Assassin's Guild and considered the greatest of all assassins. Eventually, a better assassin would kill the doyen and take over the position. Female doyens were called doyennes.
A flareboy was a gang member charged with constantly firing his blasters during a robbery to dazzle and deafen witnesses while other gangsters did the real heist.
A forger was an individual who profited by forging and selling fake documents or credits. Gwellis Bagnoro was a male Onodone who specialized in forging transit documents. Before joining the Naboo Royal Handmaidens, Rabene Tonsort had run a forgery ring at her school that created and sold forged artwork to unwary offworlders, a fact that Captain Quarsh Panaka attempted to hold over her head as a threat when he recruited her.
A forger was a criminal with expertise in forging documents and credits. Some forgers also carried forgery kits, which were tool kits, made to make counterfeiting easier.BattzBellumCon'varraCoril ZimkoJeseejLoro EclsMagar JarosOrdomireRox DurmakUnidentified Squib forgersUnidentified Tsyklen forgerUsan JoylWac Bur
Gangster was a term used to describe criminals or members of a criminal organization. The Hutts, such as the powerful Jabba Desilijic Tiure, were well known as galactic gangsters who ran a criminal empire.
Gangsters were usually criminals, who participated as members of criminal organizations. Gangsters were prevalent across the galaxy. Sometimes known as thugs, gangsters often engaged in extortion, intimidation, bribery, and even murder to wield influence or instill fear in individuals or organizations. Some kept a low profile, engaging in low-level extortion rings or drug trafficking, such the sale of death sticks by the Bando Gora crime organization, or the robbery and hijacking of starships and their freight, by Bogga the Hutt and his Enforcers.Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi — The Saga of Nomi Sunrider Other gangsters engaged in much more widespread and obvious forms of illegal activity, such as the numerous slavery rings run and operated by the various Hutt clans.
A holo faker was one who falsified holograms by piecing together holographic footage, usually for personal gain. Many holo fakers got their start as children, playing pranks via their creations. Holo fakers generally maintained a large database of holographic recordings from which to draw material for their works.Liegeus VornG0-T0Gode Takrab4A-7
Identity slicers were forgers who specialized in altering a person's identity. Skilled identity slicers, such as Dalan Reid, could alter one's genetic code and create replicas of a person. Such expertise took years to master. The Anomid Dretcher was an identity slicer who provided his services to the con artist Gault Rennow.
Journeyman was a rank given to newly-joined members of the Assassin's Guild after they had made their first kill.
A joysmasher was a member of a criminal gang whose sole intent was to hotwire the speeders of the wealthy and steal them. They would then ride around in them before smashing them in barriers and energy pylons for fun. World Devastator Calibration Engineer Deppo was a joysmasher in his childhood on Eriadu.
In organized crime, lieutenants were individuals who ran specific territories. They answered to the vigos, who in turn answered to their organization's crime lord.
A moll was a companion of a gangster or a smuggler. Molls found the casinos of the planet Ord Mantell to be entertaining.
Organ harvesting was a criminal activity that consisted of collecting organs illegally. The Bleeder gangs on Nar Shaddaa were known for this activity.
An outlaw tech was a technician whose specialty lay in unorthodox mechanical work that was questionable by factory and safety standards (if not outright illegal). This ranged from performing repairs and modifications on smuggling ships to building and modifying military-grade hardware such as weapons, explosives, and communications equipment. Under the broadest definition, this could even encompass technical crew working for pirates. Several outlaw technicians lacked the formal training possessed by professional engineers, but instead got by on their instinctive mechanical genius. Given the nature of their business, an outlaw tech's work could be a mix of anything from salvaged parts and space tape to stolen military hardware and top-secret prototypes. Some were skilled enough to reverse-engineer complex devices and even develop their own, able to exceed anything else on the market (legal or otherwise). They tended to be efficient, competent, discreet, and mobile; they often changed their base of operations to avoid security forces and the competition or otherwise operate out of remote or hidden areas, such as Shug Ninx's Spacebarn. Many outlaw techs also tended to become utterly absorbed in their projects, sometimes forgetting food and rest while they worked. In light of how often things such as ships and weapons needed repairs, the outlaw techs were a critical part of the underworld.
Pirates were individuals who engaged in the criminal activity known as piracy. Such acts included hunting, hostage taking, and theft of cargo. Notable pirates include Hondo Ohnaka who had dealings with the highest levels of leadership of both the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars, and those led by Q'anah, who was thwarted by Wilhuff Tarkin during his tenure with the Outland Regions Security Force of Eriadu. Pirates were sometimes associated with bounty hunters. Pirates who were legitimized by a letter of marque from some government or authority were known as privateers.Age of the RepublicPrior to the construction of starships that pirates could prey upon, they hunted a vast array of creatures, such as purrgil and space slugs. Before the Invasion of Naboo, Lord Alorg's Flesh Mongers kidnapped a child, Lo. However they lost the child when Jedi Grand Master Yoda rescued Lo. Another pirate faction carried out numerous raids on Trade Federation. Following the Battle of Naboo, Hudso Shaku and his Krypder Riders attempted to steal a Jedi holocron from a excavation on Dallenor. However, they failed due to intervention from Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi and his Padawan Anakin Skywalker.Age of Republic - Obi-Wan Kenobi 1During the Clone Wars, several Republic supply ships were destroyed by pirates en route to Rodia. Later the pirate gang of Captain Hondo Ohnaka captured Separatist leader, Count Dooku on Vanqor. They attempted to ransom Dooku off to the Republic. They tried to triple the ransom by capturing Jedi Master Kenobi and Jedi Knight Skywalker. However, Dooku escaped and Kenobi and Skywalker were rescued by Representative Jar Jar Binks and Clone Commander Stone's troopers. The Ohnaka Gang would continue in their operations such as extorting nysillin from farmers on Felucia, smuggling weapons to known resistance movements, and attempted to steal Kyber crystals from group of Jedi younglings. Several members of the Ohnaka gang were approached and bribed by former Sith Lord Maul and his brother Savage Opress into working for them. Jiro and several of the pirates joined Maul until Captain Ohnaka was able to hold them at gunpoint. The Ohnaka gang along with Master Kenobi were able to force the two zabraks to retreat. After Maul's ship crashed, the Ohnaka gang found the credit coffer and assumed that the Zabraks were dead. Another group of Weequay pirates of the Marauder  organized gladiator games aboard their ship with stolen droids.Empire's reignAccording to reports from the Imperial Security Bureau, pirate groups were likely to shelter in the polar regions. In order to keep control of such regions, Imperial High Command established the snowtrooper division. The Empire was able to break up the Ohnaka gang, but Ohnaka continued with his operations on his own. Enfys Nest and her Cloud-Riders were seen as pirates during their attempted thefts of Identichips and Coaxium. Gwarm, formerly Ohnaka's lieutenant, started his own gang. Angel's Culoss band hijacked the freighter Dromedar to steal its tibanna gas and captured its crew. The Culoss pretended to be its crew when a boarding party under Lieutenant Thrawn from the Imperial Navy ship Blood Crow. They were able to capture the boarding party and escape with the gas. However, three of the pirates were capture and questioned by Thrawn at Ansion's Imperial base. With Thrawn's information, the Culoss's operations on Uba, Cartherston, and Kril'Dor were targeted by the Empire. Ohnaka was able to briefly take Cikatro Vizago's ship, the Broken Horn and take Azmorigan's credits for the power generator. Ohnaka lost the ship, however, when Bridger helped Vizago in taking back the Broken Horn. He was able to keep the credits for himself. Ohnaka helped the Spectres of Phoenix Cell in rescuing Lasat refugees, providing locations of derelict bombers and acquiring proton bombs. He also recruited Melch as a partner. The Seventh and Third Fleets hunted down pirates that were causing problems for Director Orson Callan Krennic's Project Stardust. Thrawn discovered that Savit was working with the pirates in stealing supplies Governor Haveland and Krennic. Thrawn was able to defeat Savit's fleet and had him tried for treason on Coruscant.During the Galactic Civil War, Vader dealt with pirates backed by the Crymorah syndicate. The Krawg pirates attempted to buy a crate of Imperial blasters from smuggler Sana Starros. However, Starros tricked them and Lando Calrissian made sure the pirates were arrested by the Empire for the theft. Following the end of the Civil War, Eleodie Maracavanya and zher pirates of the Sovereign Latitudes of Maracavanya were able to capture the Executor-class Star Dreadnought Annihilator and renamed it the Liberty's Misrule. Together, Maracavany and zher pirates used it to control their small empire in Wild Space. Another pirate, Viz Moshara attempted to protect Substation Grimdock from the New Republic army, but was killed.Pirates such as Sidon Ithano searched for treasure. During the Cold War between the First Order and the Resistance, First Order officer Commander Pyre and Major Elrik Vonreg worked with Kragan Gorr and his Warbird gang in raiding and attacking the Colossus. The First Order hoped that this would force Captain Imanuel Doza in accepting their "help" in protecting the platform from further attacks. Gorr sent Synara San to infiltrate the Colossus and spy on them. Gorr and a pair of his pirates were able to kidnap Doza's daughter Torra Doza and took her to their ship. When the First Order arrived, Gorr and his gang were double-crossed and forced to retreat when the Ace Squadron arrived to assist. Gorr was able to retrieve San after she escaped from the Colossus. Gorr and his gang then intercepted a transmission to the Resistance from the spy Kazuda Xiono. Gorr and his gang assisted the Colossus escape from a First Order Star Destroyer. They later boarded the Colossus as it entered hyperspace towards the Resistance base on D'Qar.
The term pirate referred to the variety of rogues that were scattered across the galaxy who would attack, rob or commandeer ships as they saw fit.While their actions were inherently illegal, the morals of various pirates varied considerably. Some were cutthroat brigands who were petty murderers or thieves, but others, such as Nym, had a set of morals that prohibited killing the innocent, and generally restricted their actions to the rich. Other pirates, referred to as "privateers," operated under the sanction of governments or organizations like the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Privateers tended to hold themselves to a more "civilized" standard than other pirates, and restricted their activities to specific targets. Most pirates were orphans or citizens that were unemployed because of either being uneducated or having a lust for adventure, riches or anarchy. Indeed, on a few occasions, pirates have pulled through to help the galaxy as a whole. Nym himself aided the Naboo around the time of the Battle of Naboo by destroying a Trade Federation droid foundry on Eos, and helping the Naboo resistance hold off an army attempting to flank the Gungans on the Naboo plains. A popular weapon of space pirates was the ion cannon. The ion cannon could disable an entire ship, making it easier to board and loot. Some pirate gangs operated as two groups: the boarding group and the attack group. The attack group would disable the ship and its weapons, and the boarding group would breach the ship's hull to steal or plunder whatever they could find (credits, chronos, comlinks and blasters). Some pirates lent their services to other organizations, such as the Rebel Alliance or the Zann Consortium. The most identifiable symbol of the pirate was the Blazing Claw.
A saboteur was an individual who interfered with or disrupted the operation of a physical mechanism. Such acts of sabotage sometimes occurred in a military capacity, with spies and double agents like Clone Sergeant "Slick" and astromech droid R3-S6 performing acts of sabotage within Galactic Republic operations during the Clone Wars. Anti-Jedi activist Letta Turmond was considered a saboteur for her role in the bombing of the Jedi Temple hangar, as was former Jedi Padawan Ahsoka Tano after Barriss Offee framed her for the bombing and other crimes. Galen Erso, a scientist pressed into service by the Empire to help design and construct the Death Star, worked out a long-term plan to do so with the station. Feigning full cooperation in the project, Erso subtly installed a 2-meter wide thermal exhaust port in the station's design that led directly to the station's power core. Given that the port was ray shielded from energy weapon attacks, Erso took advantage of his colleagues' complacency to create a critical vulnerability that had a chance of being exploited by an opposing force if a bombing craft could penetrate the station's defenses and successfully strike the small target. Erso was successful in his plan, although the target proved so difficult in the Battle of Yavin that fighter pilot and Jedi Knight apprentice, Luke Skywalker, had to call upon the Force to successfully hit the target. Regardless, Erso's sabotage gave that hero that one chance to destroy the station.
A saboteur was an individual tasked with disrupting the normal operation of a physical mechanism. Both organic beings and droids were capable of performing acts of sabotage. They were skilled at subtle manipulations designed for simple operation failure or the complete destruction of a target. Saboteurs were highly skilled and often combined the talents of a slicer, mechanic and explosives expert with the skills of a spy or commando. Saboteurs were used by governments, military, corporations, and criminal elements alike. Saboteurs operated covertly using stealth, often infiltrating a location by posing as an individual authorized to be there. They could work individually if infiltrating a single structure or in small teams when their target was an entire complex or covering a larger area. Well trained saboteurs could damage anything from weapons and vehicles to computer systems, and the best of them could subtly manipulate machinery to appear in perfect working order until the designated moment when they would malfunction catastrophically, typically at the moment it will wreak the most havoc. The objectives of a saboteur ranged from simply disabling a particular machine, such as a shield generator or power grid, or the complete destruction of a building, complex or base. Most saboteurs were skilled in multiple fields of expertise due to the various forms and degrees of sabotage they were tasked with. They often had to be able to slice into computer systems and know their way around an engine, as well as be an explosives expert and proficient with many kinds of blasters and melee weapons. They were also required to be convincing performers as they were frequently required to play a role to infiltrate a particular target location. During the Clone Wars, the Confederacy of Independent Systems deployed buzz droids, a type of insect-like automaton, in swarms during battlefleet actions to wreak havoc upon starfighter squadrons that happened to fly through a formation of such deployed droids. Buzz droids were equipped with drill heads, plasma cutting torches, circular saws, prying hooks and pincer arms for disabling their targets. Before the formation of the Rebel Alliance, ex-Clone Wars General Rahm Kota sabotaged Imperial TIE fighter production when he and his militia troops took over a TIE Fighter Construction Facility over Nar Shaddaa. He and his forces were defeated by Darth Vader's secret apprentice. Before becoming a Jedi Knight, Kyle Katarn worked as an agent of Alliance to Restore the Republic, often committing acts of sabotage against Imperial targets. While tracking down the origins of the Dark Trooper Project, Katarn infiltrated and destroyed a mining facility on Gromas 16, halting the Empire's flow of phrikite. He later infiltrated and caused the destruction of the Arc Hammer, the factory ship where Dark troopers were produced. Shortly after the Battle of Yavin, the Imperial Star Destroyer Anya Karu was destroyed by Rebel Alliance saboteurs. Rather than admit to a defeat by a handful of Rebels, the Empire blamed Captain Aron Harcourt for the ship's destruction and demoted him to desk job on Coruscant. The Empire dispatched the Adjudicator to destroy the wreckage of the Anya Karu to eliminate any evidence of the Rebels' involvement in its downfall. The Zann Consortium made use of elite commandos, known as Defilers, that were completely loyal to their leader, Tyber Zann. Defilers were trained to both protect and advance the Consortium's influence and power. They were skilled soldiers, enforcers, and saboteurs. They resorted to kidnapping, manipulations, bribery, threats, virtually any means necessary to spread the corruption of the Zann Consortium. Han Solo led a strike team to the forest moon of Endor to destroy the shield generator protecting the Death Star II. After initially being captured by Imperial forces, the strike team was able to plant explosives causing the destruction of the generator. Once the shield was deactivated, Rebel Alliance fighters, led by Lando Calrissian in the Millennium Falcon, were able to penetrate the Death Star superstructure and destroy the battle station, ending the dictatorial reign of Emperor Palpatine. After infiltrating Imperial City on Coruscant, Rogue Squadron was able to hijack a Construction droid to take them to the command building. There, they took remote control of one of the orbiting solar mirrors. focusing a light beam from the mirror directly onto one of the planet's reservoirs. The flash-boiled water caused a massive electrical storm, overloading the shield station power supply, causing the shields to collapse allowing the New Republic to liberate the planet. Wraith Squadron, a New Republic starfighter squadron, used deception and sabotage on numerous occasions during the campaign to draw Warlord Zsinj into the open. Posing as gang of pirates, they disrupted the warlord's supply line. Rather than destroy the "pirate gang", Zsinj hired them to work for him, allowing the Wraiths closer contact than ever before. Their continued ploy resulted in the destruction of the Star Dreadnought Razor's Kiss, preventing it from falling into Zsinj's hands. Admiral Gial Ackbar's personal mechanic, Terpfen was an unwitting sleeper agent for Imperial Ambassador Furgan of Carida. He sabotaged Ackbar's personal B-wing/E2 shuttle which caused it to crash into the Cathedral of Winds on Vortex. This accident destroyed the cathedral, killing hundreds of native Vors and nearly killing Ackbar and his passenger, Leia Organa Solo. After being imprisoned on Yuuzhan'tar during the Yuuzhan Vong War, Jacen Solo befriended the World Brain. After escaping with Vergere, he revealed that he had left instructions for the World Brain to sabotage the ongoing terraforming in tiny and annoying ways. The Brain made small things go wrong in the process and teach the Yuuzhan Vong to compromise with other species.
Shipjackers were thieves who specialized in stealing starships. They were especially despised by spacers. During the Imperial Era, Bandit Billie and her her crew of Taurill worked as shipjackers.
Shipjackers were thieves who specialized in the theft of starships. Vigo Sprax contracted shipjackers to steal vessels such as light freighters and Super Transports.
A slaver was a person who bought, sold, or managed slaves. Darts D'Nar was a Zygerrian slaver who operated during the Clone Wars. Azmorigan was a Jablogian slaver who operated during the reign of the Galactic Empire.Slavers prized the Wookiees of Kashyyyk due to the species' long lifespan, strength, and keen intellect. When Asajj Ventress was an infant, she was taken by a slaver. During the Clone Wars, the Confederacy of Independent Systems restored the Zygerrian Slave Empire as a puppet state. With the backing of the Separatist Droid Army, the Zygerrians captured and enslaved the Togruta people of the Kiros colony. A rescue mission was launched, consisting of Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Ahsoka Tano, and clone trooper captain CT-7567 "Rex."
A slaver was an individual who practiced and engaged in the business of slavery.
Slythmongers were drug dealers. One such individual, a Balosar named Elan Sleazebaggano, sold death sticks on Coruscant at the time of the Separatist Crisis.
A slythmonger was a dealer or peddler in drugs who trafficked wares for disbarred pharmacists. They could specialize in death sticks as Elan Sel'Sabagno did, or distribute a wide variety of illegal and highly narcotic and/or deadly substances. Most had no real idea of the ingredients they were moving, and were addicted to their employer's wares.
A smuggler was an individual who dealt with the secret exchanged shipment of goods to evade restrictions or tax fees. The items shipped were often considered contraband, and highly illegal. Smugglers would sort all kinds of illegal merchandise into forbidden areas, breaking any law that stood in their way regardless of who made it. They would then sell their cargo on the black market, deliver it to a client, or use it themselves. Notable smugglers included Han Solo, his partner Chewbacca, and Lando Calrissian.
A smuggler, also known by the euphemism free trader, was someone who engaged in the clandestine shipment of goods or people to prevent taxation or some other impediment. The goods shipped were often highly illegal or banned in some sectors. Weapon smugglers were referred to as gun runners. Smuggling, while a part of galactic trade for many years in the Galactic Republic, absolutely thrived under the Galactic Empire's strict control of goods. The nationalization of former Separatist companies' assets, including their vast merchant fleets, greatly increased smuggling's appeal—and demand. By 3 ABY, smuggling had become so common that Imperial officers often looked the other way if they found a smuggling outfit. For example, Admiral Kendal Ozzel, dismissed the Rebel outpost Echo Base on Hoth as a smuggling operation when reports of its location arrived from an Arakyd Viper probe droid. The fact that many smugglers operated in support of the Rebellion and channeled funds to them made such distinctions even more difficult. By far the most commonly smuggled substances were varieties of spice. Although most kinds of spice were psychoactive drugs, and most forms were illegal under the Empire, the government's main concern was not to stem the flow of spice, but to collect taxes from its shipment and distribution through legitimate channels. Weapons were another commonly smuggled commodity within the Empire, whose bureaucracy strictly controlled weapons availability in order to prevent criminals and insurgents, in particular the Rebel Alliance, from becoming significant threats. Other cargo for smugglers included chak-root, stolen merchandise, and even clear water (smuggled to Rampa II). In extreme situations, smugglers delivered standard resources or food; for example, on Abregado-rae, smugglers supplied Separatists after a new regime stopped all food transports to the Separatists in the mountains in hopes of stamping out opposition. During his time as a smuggler, Jolee Bindo stole from the rich and smuggled in the stolen goods to the people of the Ukatis system, due to the blockade imposed by its own king. Some smugglers, such as Mirax Terrik, specialized in finding rare and sometimes illegal goods or artifacts and delivering them to their clients who hoped to avoid using "official means." In addition, sometimes live droids were smuggled through areas such as transport terminals, including that of the space station belonging to the Star Tours interstellar travel agency, with success largely because of G2-9T, the security droid responsible for baggage checks, being incompetent at his job.A common stereotype in the galaxy was that smugglers were usually Corellian, and indeed, there were no shortages of Corellian smugglers, but smuggling was carried out by various freight carriers and criminal organizations of all species and planetary origins. Even members of the Imperial bureaucracy and military establishment had their own smuggling organizations, while other smugglers (such as Prince Xizor of Black Sun) were important players in legitimate galactic business. Fringe elements like the Black Sun established large networks dedicated to evading Imperial forces within the galaxy. Another set of major players in illegal trade were the Hutt Kajidics, vast criminal organizations based around the clan structure of the Hutts. The Hutts controlled a region of the galaxy in the Mid and Outer Rim which maintained independence from the Galactic Republic, and later great autonomy within the Empire; this allowed them to recruit pilots and buy ships for use in smuggling with a minimum of scrutiny, while possessing safe locations for their pilots to use. Some planets were controlled by the Hutts but nominally within the Imperial sphere of influence, such as Tatooine, which provided excellent locations to secretly funnel shipments, pilots, and supplies into Imperial space without arousing suspicion. Smugglers had to worry about attacks from pirates and opportunists who would attempt to steal their cargo, meaning that smugglers needed to avoid some of the most lawless star systems to remain safe. Also, because they were smuggling contraband, they had no hope of help from Imperial/Republic forces and could not seek the protection of the galactic authorities. Most smugglers developed keen skills to avoid trouble, and they modified their ships not only for better cargo capacity, but also for greater speed and defenses. In order to evade Imperial patrols, smugglers often used smaller and less well-known routes that skirted Imperial strong points within the galaxy. There were many of these smuggling routes, and every smuggler usually had his or her preferred ways of getting from place to place safely. Despite their precautions, many smugglers ended their career on prison worlds such as Kessel or Akrit'tar. Many smugglers were also killed during their runs—some even committed suicide to avoid being arrested and sentenced.
A spice sifter was an individual involved in the spice trade. Spice sifters purified and refined the raw spice into the final, salable product.
Spice-jackers were pirates who specialized in stealing loads of spice from other pirates, smugglers, and merchants. Jak Sazz, Romort Raort, Elaginn, and the Elaginn gang were all spice-jackers.
A spicerunner was an individual involved in the smuggling of illegal spice. During her time as an officer of the Imperial Security Bureau, Arliz Hadrassian chased down spicerunners around the planets Kessel and Kerev Doi. Poe Dameron worked with Zorii Bliss as a spicerunner on Kijimi.
A spy, or secret agent, was an individual who engaged in clandestine observation or acquisition of sensitive intelligence regarding a person or organization or other target of interest, usually for political, military or financial benefit.Era of the Galactic Republic During the Battle of Christophsis, an investigation led by Clone Captain Rex and Clone Commander Cody revealed that troop movements had been relayed to Separatist forces, allowing the enemy to preemptively attack Republic strike teams. The traitor was identified as the clone trooper sergeant nicknamed "Slick" and was apprehended, though not before he significantly damaged the base's weapons depot. Following the loss of R2-D2 during the Battle of Bothawui, R3-S6 was assigned to Jedi General Anakin Skywalker as a replacement. Unbeknownst to Skywalker and his Padawan, Ahsoka Tano, R3-S6 was acting as a covert confederate agent, attempting to facilitate the sale of R2-D2 to General Grievous. Suspecting Senator Rush Clovis was aiding the Confederacy of Independent Systems, the Jedi Council recruited Senator Padmé Amidala to spy on him. Amidala accompanied Clovis to Cato Neimoidia where she recovered evidence of a large droid foundry on Geonosis. She was discovered and, following an attempted poisoning by Lott Dod, was extracted by Anakin Skywalker. Obi-Wan Kenobi undertook a secret operation disguised as Rako Hardeen, in an attempt to gain the trust of bounty hunters Cad Bane and Moralo Eval. Despite interference from Anakin Skywalker and Padawan Tano, Obi-Wan's mission was an eventual success, revealing a plot by Count Dooku to capture Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine. Rush Clovis, now a defector from the Separatists, requested the help of Padmé Amidala to uncover the bankruptcy of the InterGalactic Banking Clan via the infiltration of the vault, a facility ordinarily off limits to outsiders. The Jedi Council granted Anakin Skywalker a seat on the Council, per the direction of Supreme Chancellor Palpatine, because they wanted Skywalker to spy on the Chancellor and his activities, something that Skywalker felt was both treason and a violation of the Jedi Code. Ezra Bridger infiltrated the Academy for Young Imperials on the planet Lothal, disguised as an Imperial cadet, with the intention of acquiring an Imperial decoder containing the location of an exceptionally large kyber crystal. With the help of Zare Leonis, Bridger succeeded and escaped with another cadet, Jai Kell. Leonis opted to remain behind in order to learn more about the disappearance of his sister Dhara. With the aid of his girlfriend, Merei Spanjaf, and the rebel cell known as the spectres, Leonis's efforts eventually came to fruition with the rescue of his sister, who had been absorbed into Project Harvester. On several occasions, Bridger and the spectre cell dealt with an anonymous Rebel spy known by the codename "Fulcrum"—later revealed to be former Jedi Padawan Ahsoka Tano. When Tano was presumed dead, Imperial Security Bureau agent Alexsandr Kallus took on the name, passing information to the Rebels, eventually defecting when his treason was discovered by Grand Admiral Thrawn. Spies for the Rebel Alliance sent secret Death Star plans to Leia Organa on the Tantive IV following the Battle of Scarif. The squad known as Rogue One, led by Rebel Alliance Intelligence Service agent Cassian Andor, infiltrated the Imperial security complex on Scarif and retrieved the plans, transmitting them to the Rebel fleet. The Alliance became aware of the Death Star project from Andor's informant Tivik, and from the defecting Imperial pilot Bodhi Rook, who passed Galen Erso's information about the station's weakness to Saw Gerrera. Following the destruction of Alderaan, the Empire made use of a human female by the name of Tula, who, under duress, manipulated her sister, Tace, into unwittingly revealing the whereabouts of Alderaanian survivors. On Nar Shaddaa, Grakkus the Hutt was apprehended, along with his captive, Luke Skywalker, owing to the efforts Sergeant Kreel, also known as Imperial agent 5241, planted in the Hutt's Palace after Grakkus's collection of Jedi artifacts attracted the attention of the Empire. When the second Death Star was being constructed, the Alliance's Bothan spies discovered that the super weapon was being protected by a shield generator on a nearby forest moon called Endor. That valuable information came at the cost of many Bothan lives. Thirty years after the Battle of Endor, the spy Kazuda Xiono undertook a mission on the Colossus platform for the Resistance to find out who on Castilon was helping the First Order build up its military forces. Around the same time, the First Order used the junk boss Unkar Plutt to find BB-8. After Finn, Rey, and BB-8 escaped from Jakku, the First Order sent the Guavian Death Gang and the Kanjiklub as their spies to find the fugitives. Bala-Tik informed the Order that Han Solo had the droid on board the Millennium Falcon. The First Order then used mercenary Bazine Netal as one of its spies. When she was posing a girlfriend to Grummgar at Maz Kanata's castle on Takodana, Netal informed the Order that BB-8 was there.  The Resistance also maintained a spy droid network, and one of its agents, GA-97, alerted the Resistance that BB-8 was at the castle. During a mission to Sinta Glacier Colony, Boolio gave Poe Dameron information that came from a high-ranking spy inside the First Order. The spy was revealed to be General Armitage Hux when he saved Dameron, Finn and Chewbacca from execution. Hux explained that he did not want the Resistance to win, he just wanted Kylo Ren to lose. Allegiant General Pryde killed Hux for his treachery.
Spies were individuals that were trained, and sometimes hired, to perform espionage, the practice of obtaining information from rivals or enemies for a military or political advantage. Spies were employed to obtain secrets such as plans or formations of enemy troops. The primary mission of a spy was to collect information, not to fight. Although some spies were skilled in combat, most tried to avoid being detected altogether. The Bothan species was well known for being especially good at spying through the Bothan Spynet. Both the Rebellion and the Empire practiced spy usage during the Galactic Civil War. The Yuuzhan Vong extensively spied out the galaxy prior to their invasion.Spies during the Great Galactic War (14 BTC/3,660 BBY) The Sith Empire hired spies during the Great Galactic War. After a succession of defeats generated by the Sith during the war, ended by the Battle of Bothawui, the Sith Emperor changed his strategy to ensure victory: Imperial Intelligence. Their goal was to gain the control and loyalty of the Mandalorians. The Imperial Diplomats at first sent invitations to the bounty hunters and the crackpots of the Outer Rim, to join the war efforts. Few of them answered positively; most of them remained neutral. To gain the loyalty of the Mandalorians, the Sith Emperor hired spies. The spies infiltrated the arenas where bounty hunters and other such brawlers fought in the Outer Rim. The Empire infiltrated the arenas as trainers, patrons, and Gladiators. Imperial Intelligence had noticed a strong Gladiator and made him the puppet of their plans. The Sith Spies drugged and weakened his enemies to make it stronger than any others participants of the Geonosis Arena. The groans of Imperial Intelligence became the spectators' acclamations: "Mandalore! Mandalore!" The Gladiator claimed the title and became the New Mandalore. He summoned his people and allied them to the Imperial war effort. However, Mandalore obeyed Imperial Intelligence. As the puppets of the Sith, the Mandalorians declared war for a second time against the Jedi. They also prepared a blockade of the Hydian Way that later would be broken by a group of smugglers lead by Hylo Visz in 7 BTC.After tracking Jango Fett to Geonosis, Obi-Wan Kenobi infiltrated a Geonosian structure and found the Separatist leaders and Count Dooku scheming to secede from the Republic, using their droid armies as martial back-up. Kenobi was able to send this vital information to the Jedi Council on Coruscant, leading to the start of the Clone Wars. Prior to the Battle of Yavin, Princess Leia uploaded stolen plans for the Death Star to R2-D2 before her imminent capture by Darth Vader. These transmissions had been procured from several different sources, including Rebel mercenary Kyle Katarn. Along with the plans was a hologram message for Obi-Wan Kenobi pleading for his return.The Bothan Spynet secured the plans to the second Death Star, an event during which, famously, "many Bothans died…" The plans showed that the Death Star was indestructible until shield generators on the moon of Endor were effectively shut down. Thus, the Rebel Alliance was able to effectively attack the new, unfinished but deadlier, Death Star by a ground assault. Despite heavy losses, they were successful, and the second Death Star was destroyed, along with the Emperor. Zsinj was notorious for employing Imperial intelligence assets in his period of warlordism. He had agents throughout not only the New Republic, but its fleet as well. However, Zsinj suffered heavy defeats from another quasi-spy organization, Wraith Squadron, and especially from a former member, Lara Notsil, who pretended to defect but actually was a spy and saboteur.While their function was originally bureaucratic, the Yuuzhan Vong of the Intendant caste made extensive use of espionage prior to their massive invasion. Chief among their spies was Nom Anor. Ultimately, their use of espionage allowed them to gather massive amounts of intelligence on the galaxy without their machinations (although they would detest the use of that word) being detected. Yuuzhan Vong spies were active and a very real danger throughout the entire war. They also used organizations such as the Peace Brigade and treacherous senator Viqi Shesh to gather intelligence. In terms of counterespionage, on some occasions, New Republic Intelligence and its successor, would feed known Vong spies false information. Luke Skywalker and Wraith Squadron were also able to infiltrate the captured Coruscant and learn valuable information about the Yuuzhan Vong presence there.
Submister was a role within the criminal Razzi Syndicate. When the organization came into possession of the book that would become known as the Smuggler's Guide, the Adarian Twirm served as submister to the syndicate's head Latts Razzi. Razzi demanded that Twirm tell her where book came from and if it was authentic, prompting the submister to inform her of how the syndicate acquired the book. Razzi berated Twirm for providing information she did not care about, instead wishing to know about the origins of the book. Razzi had Twirm executed after he offered her advice on how to run the syndicate, after which she complained at how hard it was to find good help within her line of work.
A thief was an individual who had stolen the property of another.
A thief was an individual who made their living by stealing from other individuals. Specialized thieves included pickpockets, who targeted people on the street and relieved them of the contents of their pockets, and safecrackers, who were employed to bypass safe security systems.
A Tibanna tapper was a person who stole Tibanna gas. Jaina Solo and Zekk stopped some Tibanna tappers on Bespin who were using a tug and three siphoning balloons in 36 ABY.
A Vigo or underboss was an individual acting as a deputy on behalf of the leader of a criminal organization, making alliances and ordering executions. Vigos had subordinates of their own, called lieutenants. Rynscar was an Underboss of the Black Sun who lived during the last years of the Galactic Empire and was based on Nar Shaddaa.
A Vigo was a title used by the Black Sun crime syndicate to denote the organization's leadership. At any given time, nine of these lieutenants each oversaw a different region of the galaxy and reported directly to the organization's head, the Black Sun Underlord.The word Vigo meant "nephew" in Old Tionese, which created the semblance of a familial bond between the leadership, making them appear stronger and indivisible to outsiders. Selected from the ranks of Black Sun's membership, the Vigos only numbered nine and were independently wealthy and possessed of great influence. Assigned to oversee the organization's operations in one of nine sectors of the galaxy, the Vigos reported directly to Black Sun's leader, the Underlord; when the Underlord died or was deposed, one of the sitting Vigos would replace him or her.Under the leadership of Underlord Alexi Garyn, Black Sun and the nine Vigos built a reign of fear felt on every planet from the Core Worlds to the Outer Rim Territories in the decade preceding the Clone Wars. This surge in power drew the attention of Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Plagueis and his apprentice, Darth Sidious. To rectify this, the Sith dispatched their assassin,Darth Plagueis Darth Maul, to assassinate the Vigos and Garyn at their fortress on Ralltiir in 33 BBY. Catching the Vigos off their guard, Maul wiped out the leaders and Black Sun fell into disarray for years.Darth Maul 4 Despite the purge, Black Sun recovered and a new generation of Vigos was appointed from the remnants of the organization. By 27 BBY, the Vigos were attempting to rebuild, though they faced many challenges. Bounty hunter Jango Fett took out a bounty on Vigo Antonin during this time, killing the lieutenant on behalf of a contract with Dreddon the Hutt.Star Wars: Jango Fett Vigo Cash Garrulan retired from Black Sun during the Clone Wars, remaining a powerful crime lord on Murkhana and forming a respectful relationship with Jedi Master Roan Shryne.Dark Lord: The Rise of Darth Vader While the Falleen Vigo Xist managed to retain his holdings on Trigalis during the war,Obsession 1 Vigo Ziro the Hutt was betrayed by his Pa'lowick lover Sy Snootles on the Hutt world Teth.Star Wars: The Clone Wars: The Visual Guide Despite the setbacks, Black Sun came to great power once more under the leadership of Underlord Xizor during the reign of the Galactic Empire. In 3.5 ABY, Prince Xizor ordered his assassin Guri to execute Vigo Green after Green's betrayal. During the Rebellion, Han Solo was contracted by Eanjer, a businessman whose family had been killed by Black Sun, to break into Black Sun governor Avrak Villachor's vault on Wukkar and retrieve his money. Solo assembled a team of outlaws he knew, which also included Leia's aide, Winter. A Falleen vigo named Qazadi was also present at the time, making the operation more difficult, but they successfully broke into the mansion and emptied the vault, which contained an Alderaanian encryption device known as a cryodex and a copy of the Black Sun's blackmail database. At the end of the raid, Eanjer assassinated Qazadi, revealing himself to be Boba Fett in disguise.
An architect referred to one who designed or planned buildings or structures. Teela Kaarz, Bevel Lemelisk, Garrbo V'Droz were architects during the Imperial Period. Derren Flet was the chief architect of Jabba Desilijic Tiure, responsible for the design of the Hutt's sail barge as well as the reconstruction of his palace on Tatooine.Star Wars: The Official Starships & Vehicles Collection 6 Jabba hired a famous architect to design the Mos Espa Grand Arena; although he had other projects on property acquired by the crime lord, it is unknown whether or not this architect was Flet himself.
An Image Designer was a professional, whose trade was to offer his or her patrons various physical or esthetical alterations. Those included new haircut or color, markings, tattoos, skin or fur color, lip color, cosmetics or eye color. The Twi'lek engineer Choster once used the services of an Image Designer to change his face when the Sulfur Lake Pirates on Lok tried to kill him.Star Wars Galaxies
Systems designer was a position held by Birra Seah, a Human female who worked for the Kuat Drive Yards shipbuilding company in the later years of the Galactic Empire.
A tailor was an individual who specialized in creating clothing by sewing materials such as fabric or leather. Droids known as tailor-droids also practiced the craft. The Nuq Sin family of the planet Merokia were all tailors.Tailors specialized in creating clothing out of materials including fabric and leather. Skilled tailors were able to sew seams in straight lines and judge the quality of fabric and used tools including scissors, sewing machines, clothing mannequins and paper patterns to create their work. Some of the types of clothing created by tailors were gloves, socks, dresses and wedding apparel. In the Galactic Empire, tailor-droids were used to take measurements for the creating of uniforms for Imperial cadets at the Academy for Young Imperials on Lothal.The Nuq Sin family on the planet Merokia were all middle-class tailors and operated a family business for the craft during the New Republic Era. Husband and wife Tomar and Looway Nuq Sin operated the business, and Tomar's mother J'Hara ran the business before them and was famous across the planet for her clothing before she retired a few years before 30 ABY. Tomar Nuq Sin's older brother, Cornell, was also a tailor and the Nuq Sins' son Karr was a novice in the craft. On the opposite side of Merokia there was a trade school in the Taeltor Province that specialized in teaching adults the craft. Cornell was a highly regarded and skilled teacher there and when Karr Nuq Sin's struggles with his health and academics grew too severe, his parents made arrangements with Karr's uncle for him to study the craft at the trade school, hoping he would improve his skills and open his own shop. The planet Vjun was home to famous tailors who notably wove the cloak worn by Count Dooku.
A teacher was an individual who taught other beings. Instructors taught combat skills whilst training officers taught military cadets.
A teacher was an individual who taught other beings. They were employed by educational organizations such as schools and universities. The father of the Bothan Koth Melan was a teacher, who attempted to teach his students about the true nature of the Galactic Empire. He was arrested on false charges of espionage and executed.
An archivist was an individual in charge of collecting and cataloguing archives. Organizations who employed archivists included the Graf Archive of Orchis 2 and the Noble Court of the Anoat sector. Jedi archivists were the archivists of the Jedi Order. At the time of the Galactic Civil War, the Noble Court was infiltrated by Data Seekers, who took advantage of their unrestricted access to the nobles' archives to learn their secrets.
Chronicler was a position and title in the galaxy.In 32 BBY, the Neimoidian author Viff Almay was appointed official chronicler of the Invasion of Naboo by the Trade Federation. Within the Jedi Order, some historians bore the title of Chronicler. The Jedi Dorak was one such individual, holding the position during both the Mandalorian Wars and the Jedi Civil War.
Commandant was a title carried by numerous individuals, notably within the Imperial Army, given to those officials who had some degree of command over others. Overseers of Imperial Academies generally held this rank. During the Clone Wars, Osi Sobeck held the rank of commandant within the Confederacy of Independent Systems whilst serving as the warden of the Citadel, a major prison located on the planet Lola Sayu. Cumberlayne Aresko carried this title in his duties as an officer at the Imperial Academy on Lothal, the Academy for Young Imperials. Brendol Hux, overseer of the Arkanis Academy, also carried this title and established a secretive group known as the Commandant's Cadets.
An educator was a position the historian Beaumont Kin once sought. However, Kin—who was deemed "useless" by his parents though was to become one of the youngest professors at Lerct Historical Institute after studying at Lerct's Arhul Hextrophon School of Embedded Journalism—abandoned this career route when the Hosnian system was destroyed. Instead, the academic joined the ranks of the Resistance, putting his knowledge to use on the field against the First Order and the Sith.
A historian was an individual who studied history. The human male Kier Domadi hoped to become a historian specializing in the Clone Wars era. The academic and Resistance member Beaumont Kin was a historian.
A historian was an individual that researched galactic history. Wolam Tser and Voren Na'al were examples of prominent historians in the galaxy.
An instructor was an individual who taught other beings. It was also a position used by the Galactic Empire in its Academies. They were ranked below the Commandant of the academy.
An instructor was an individual responsible for conducting the training of another, or a group. The Alliance to Restore the Republic employed instructors to train their new recruits and sharpen the skills of veteran soldiers. Several instructors were deployed to Oracle Base, including the head training officer, Major Gar Berra.
A librarian was an individual who worked at or were in charge of libraries and archives. Librarian droids such as Kalibac librarian droids were sometimes used for this task as well.The Jedi Order had several libraries, including the Great Jedi Library and the Jedi Archives on Coruscant, as well as several branches, such as the Ossus and Tython Archives. These were all established, operated, and managed by Jedi archivists such as Jocasta Nu, Odan-Urr, and Gnost-Dural.The Death Star was known to have had a library, which was operated by Atour Riten. BRT supercomputers were used by a library on Obroa-skai.
A Loremaster was an expert in the folklore and history of their culture, race, and/or species.The Rakata Gjarshi was a loremaster for the Black Rakata. Dancers were also important in Askajian culture. A skilled dancer acted as a shaman and loremaster, re-enacting tribal history and legend and leading worship of their main goddess, the Moon Lady. Sith Lord Darth Wyyrlok was a loremaster of the One Sith, possessing a vast knowledge of Sith lore, rituals, magics, and history.
Master Archivist was a type of archivist that collected and catalogued archives and notes. Mordianius was a Master Archivist active in the decades after the end of the Galactic Civil War. The Rebel Files were once in the hands of Mordianius, who then sent them to Korr Sella, and given to General Leia Organa, leader of the Resistance. The Chief Librarian of the Jedi Order was also referred to as a Master Archivist.
A mythologist was an individual who studied mythology.
A scholar was an individual who was devoted to study of a particular field of work.SpecializationSome scholars specialized in history and historical sites, attempting to form a better understanding of the past. Korin Aphra, the father of the archaeologist Doctor Chelli Aphra was one such scholar who specialized in the study of the Ordu Aspectu and the Jedi Order with whom they had split. The Ugnaught Korin Pers was also a scholar, having written works on various antiques. Veris Hydan, advisor to Emperor Palpatine, was a scholar of Jedi and Sith history whilst Izal Garsea's father, a Batuuan who was prone to anger yet caring for his daughter, had also once been a scholar. Individuals who studied history were also known as historians.Mysteries of the ForceThe Force was a topic of great interest to many scholars. The command of knowledge over the will of the Force was jointly sought by scholars and mystics.Many scholars believed that the Mid Rim desert moon of Jedha owed its name to the Jedi, while some believed it was the other way around. Nonetheless, all agreed that their histories were entwined. In an attempt to locate the Jedi Order's first Temple, scholars studied several worlds, such as Jedha, Ahch-To, Coruscant, Ossus, and Tython. The ranks of the Jedi Order included their own scholars, who were similarly intrigued by the mysteries of the Force.
Scholar-lawyers were a small class of sows within Gamorrean society. They kept track of the extensive and complex nature of Gamorrean genealogy, memorizing sagas listing wars, heroic deeds, and property exchanges.
A scholar was an individual who studied a particular subject and documented its history.
A strategy instructor was an educator who taught strategy. The Lynna Zel Gris served as the strategy instructor of Princess Rinetta Gan of Hynestia.
A training officer was an individual that trained recruits. Triosa Broog served as a training officer at the Carida Academy on the planet Carida. There, she trained Imperial cadets, including a young Han Solo.
A training officer was an individual responsible for training recruits in combat tactics and weapons skills. During the Galactic Civil War, Major Gar "Crazy Man" Berra was the head training officer for the Alliance to Restore the Republic's Oracle Base in the Brak sector.
University Proctor was a position held by the Human Eren Garai at Phelar University. Garai, an agent of the Imperial Security Bureau and lead of their operations at the university, was installed by the Imperial bureau as a proctor of the institution so that he may keep a secret watch for subversive activity.
Weapons masters were beings highly skilled in the art of fighting with weapons of all kind. One such being was Giles Durane. During the Galactic Civil War, weapons masters of the Rebel Alliance were among the deadliest beings of the Alliance's ground forces. They often wore heavy armor.
Armorsmith, also known as Armormech, was an occupation that specialized in the construction of armor. Mol Ni'mai was a master armorsmith.
An artisan was a skilled worker who could construct a variety of goods, including furniture, weapons, and supplies. Generally, the goods they could make were relatively basic, but artisans who honed their craft could specialize in more advanced fields, including architecture, droid engineering, and tailoring. They could also specialize in other more focused professions, such as armorsmith, weaponsmith, starshipwright, chef, or merchant. Merchants, also known as traders, would often forgo the title artisan, and yet engage in very similar practices, crafting goods in several specific fields, such as munitions, structures, domestic goods, or engineering.
Bladesmiths were Togorians who were skilled in the art of forging the sc'rath. Exceptionally skilled individuals were given the title of master smith.
A cyberneticist, also known as a cybernetic specialist, was a type of doctor specializing in giving creatures who had lost body parts new cybernetic replacements. These replacement parts often improved a being's speed, reflexes or strength. In the infamous case of General Grievous, his entire body was replaced except for his brain and other vital organs.
A droid builder was an individual who designed and assembled droids. Such individuals, depending on their degree of skills, could hold the tile of Apprentice, Designer, or Master Droid Builder. At the time of the Galactic Civil War, the Jawa Wimateeka of the Nkik clan was a renowned droid builder. He taught his skills to a Rebel agent, who earned a Jawa droid builder certificate.
A droidsmith, also spelled Droid-smith, was a craftsperson who specialized in the creation, repair, and modification of droids. The Anzellan Babu Frik was a skilled droidsmith who worked with the smuggler gang known as the Spice Runners of Kijimi out of a workshop on the planet Kijimi. Another droidsmith built the droid D-O, but was killed by the Sith assassin Ochi, who stole D-O.
An electrician was an individual who specialized in modifying and repairing technology, such as transmitters. While he was disguised as a shape-shifter named "Lopset Yas", Cornelius Evazan claimed he worked as an electrician.
Electrician was a profession in use during the Yuuzhan Vong War. Foreman Creed Mitsun led a team of electricians while constructing the Amerce in 25 ABY.
An engineer was an individual involved in the design, maintenance or construction of infrastructure, starships or technology. Some ships had a dedicated engineering area. Several companies specialized in engineering, such as the Quarren Free Dac Volunteers Engineering Corps, Corellian Engineering Corporation, Theed Engineering, and Cygnus Spaceworks.
An engineer was a person involved in construction, design, or the use of engines or machines.Military engineers were technology specialists who focused their energy on making repairs in the field. They were often part of a combat unit and were trained to make rapid repairs and adjustments in highly stressful situations—even while under fire. Starship engineers were members of a starship's crew who maintained the ship's systems. In combat, the engineer could reroute power to increase speed or shielding, and repair or jury-rig battle-damaged systems. Other types of engineers included: Calibration EngineerChief Systems EngineerClone engineerEngineer battle droidSkakoan combat engineerImperial Combat EngineerImperial Engineering DivisionEngineering lieutenantEngineering officerBao-Dur was a military engineer during the Mandalorian Wars and later a companion of the Jedi Exile. Feno Gamoc was a Rybet male who served Confederacy of Independent Systems as a senior engineer aboard the Munificent-class star frigate Sa Nalaor during the Clone Wars. Walex Blissex was a starship engineer who designed all kinds of craft, from starfighters to battleships, and earned the title of doctor. Another prominent starship engineer was Raith Sienar, who ran Sienar Fleet Systems where he designed the TIE fighter. Massad Thrumble was an engineer, and the Imperial spy Lucius Rothingham was a former engineer. Engineering-related groups included the Republic Combat Engineer Battalion and the Imperial Engineers Academy. The later of which trained Imperial Combat Engineers. Each Special missions platoon had one Engineering squad.
Flight engineer was a position held by one of the members of the crew of an MG-100 StarFortress SF-17. Cat served as the Cobalt Treasure flight engineer.
Hypernautics was an engineering specialization relating to the design, modification and repairing of starships. The planet Esseles in the Darpa sector, particularly its capital city of Calamar (a center of high-tech research and development), specialized in hypernautics and advanced hyperdrive engines. Fia was a qualified hypernautics engineer, having graduated from Corellia University's School of Starship Engineering.
During the Age of the Empire, the Galactic Empire employed numerous factory workers to operate its factories and armories. Many were pressed into service while others joined out of economic necessity. The Imperial factory workers at the Imperial Armory Complex on Lothal wore bright orange overalls. Some wore protective headgear and filter masks. One known factory worker was the former farmer Morad Sumar, who was a member of Ryder Azadi's Lothal resistance group. Morad deliberately sabotaged vehicles that were produced for the Imperial Military. In 2 BBY, the rebels Ezra Bridger and Kanan Jarrus disguised themselves as factory workers during a mission to steal Grand Admiral Thrawn's plans for the TIE Defender initiative.
Master smiths were Togorians bladesmiths who were exceptionally skilled in the art of forging the sc'rath. Young smiths are expected to study at the side of a master smith for years. Mlatar Thon Gra studied under Master Elotis and was awarded the title of master smith in the sixth year of his study.
A metalsmith was a craftsperson who worked with metal, notably using a forge to heat it. Albrekh was a Symeong metalsmith who also practiced Sith alchemy.
A metalsmith or blacksmith was a being trained in working and shaping different types of ores and metals. A number of Mandalorians were trained metalsmiths, able to work the rare and durable ore beskar iron, only found on the planet Mandalore. Shas Dovos of Onderon was a blacksmith, as was the Mandalorian Protector Medrit Vasur.
A minerals engineer studied minerals for profit.
Project Engineer was a title held by Walex Blissex during the development of the Delta-7 Aethersprite-class light interceptor.
A rainman was any technician who tended the signal towers above the rainy world Donovia. Easily recognized by their absurd rain hoods, the efforts of the rainmen kept the mining traffic to and from Donovia moving smoothly.
A roboticist was an individual who designed droids. Morgan Katarn, a leader within the Alliance to Restore the Republic, became a roboticist through self-study and designed his own multi-purpose droid, WeeGee, before his death in 1 BBY.
A shipfitter was a work position at some shipyards. The Amerce was worked on by tens of thousands of shipfitters during its construction at the Fondor Shipyards.
A starshipwright, or shipwright for short, was any being skilled in the craft of building and maintaining starships. The Mon Calamari were known as master shipwrights.
Synthweavers were people who fabricated synthetic materials out of crystals, chemicals and artifact pieces to build armor for Force-sensitives. At the time of the Galactic War between Galactic Republic and Sith Empire, synthweaving was predominant across the galaxy. Some merchants provided premade solutions and composites that were used during the fabrication process.
A tech specialist was an individual highly skilled with a wide array of talents related to technology. Tech specialists were usually expert computer users, security breachers, droid repairers, and were able to deactive the most advanced of demolitions. During Darth Nihilus's Jedi Purge in the aftermath of the Mandalorian Wars, tech specialist Bao-Dur assisted the Jedi Exile during her journeys.
A technican or mechanic was a person who was skilled in maintaining and repairing technology. Jackar Bowmani was a technician and munitions expert who worked in the Jedi Temple until he was murdered by his wife, Letta Turmond. Chewbacca was also a skilled mechanic as he performed frequent repairs on the Millennium Falcon as well as reassembling the dismembered C-3PO. Certain droids also served as expert mechanics, such as R2-D2. Mich Matt was an Ishi Tib who worked as a technician on Coruscant's central power distribution grid. Mechanics wore durable fabric coveralls to protect them from dirt and oil. The clothing had many pouches and pockets that held the tools that they needed for work.
Technicians, also called technos, technicos, or mechanics, were people who were skilled in making, fixing and understanding technology. Almost every urban area had some technicians employed at factories, shops and space stations and only the most primitive civilizations went without one. Podracer mechanics were largely unsung geniuses that could exploit the powerful machines to their fullest capacities.Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary The Ugnaught Rorand Zuzz was a technician who specialized in medical technology. Imperial Lieutenant Endicott served as a docking bay technician aboard the second Death Star.
Third Grade Assistant Technician was a job on Ohma-D'un, one of the moons of Naboo. Kharl Vanneb once held the position. The job could be achieved by going to the Theed School of Technology and Engineering.
Weaponsmith, also known as Armstech, was an occupation that specialized in the construction, modification and repair of weapons. Daw Sembian was a weaponsmith. They worked hard metals, alloys and synthetic materials to craft blasters, blaster modifications and melee weapons.
An accountant or book-keeper was a profession that dealt with finances. Shasa Tiel worked as the accountant of the crime lord Jabba the Hutt, being in charge of his fortune.
An accountant was responsible for recording the funds of an organization. A chief accountant's duties included administration of the annual dues of the organization. Samara Kebyc was the chief accountant for the Cloud City Miner's Guild. Jabba the Hutt had several accountants, including the ill-fated Nimbanel Lhojugg, his successor of the same species, Mosep Binneed, the Twi'lek Scrib Leras, and by the time of his death, the duplicitous Quarren Tessek.
A banker was an individual who worked in finance. Lord Graemon, from Muunilinst, was a banker.
An economist was one who studied economics. Kane Griggs planned on living a comfortable life as an economist while attending an Imperial university.
Finance Minister was a position within the Galactic Empire. Gahg held it in 19 BBY. This high ranking bureaucrat was responsible for leading the Ministry of Finance.
Financial Minister was a high ranking position in the government of Orto. In 19 BBY, the Ortolan Financial Minister was Belo Tusus.
Loan sharks were individuals who loaned money to other beings at very high interest rates and with very short payback periods. It was not uncommon for loan sharks to back up their demands for repayment with violence, hence their name.
Minister of Finance, or Rebel Finance Minister, was a title held by one of the six members of the Alliance Cabinet of the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Senator Nower Jebel of Uyter held the title and had a seat in the Alliance High Command around the time of the Battle of Scarif in the year 0 BBY. Rebel Sergeant Jyn Erso thought the title was "rich in potential for mockery." About a year after the reorganization of the Alliance into the New Republic, in 5 ABY, the title was still held by Nower Jebel, who became a member of the new Galactic Senate.
The Minister of Finance oversaw the Alliance to Restore the Republic's Finance Ministry, and sat as a member of the Alliance Cabinet. The Minister of Finance was directly responsible for the creation and management of the Alliance's budget, taxes, flotation of Alliance War Bonds, printing of Alliance Credits and balancing of all incomes and expenditures. Until his death in 3 ABY, Viscount Tardi served as Minister of Finance.
The Minister of Finance was the head of the Republic's Ministry of Finance.
There are various Ministers of Finance: Minister of Finance (Republic)Minister of Finance (Alliance)Minister of Finance (New Mandalorians)Finance Minister of the Galactic EmpireFinancial Minister of the planet Orto Category:Financial occupationsCategory:Political title
President was a title used by leaders of a location. In the High Republic Era, Jamie Brasen was the president of Begamore. The Rebel Alliance pilot "The Contessa" retired from the Alliance to contest the presidency of her homeworld that her family previously ruled for centuries.
President was a title given to leaders of certain organizations or governments. Si-Di-Ri was President of the Tiss'sharl League until resigning from the position after an assassination attempt and a visit from Lord Darth Vader eight months after the Battle of Yavin.
A skip tracer was a slang term for a collections agent, a person charged with finding those who had "skipped" out on their debts. Interstellar Collections Limited maintained the infamous Red List, a collection of outstanding debts and the persons who owed them. Odumin, territorial sector manager for the Corporate Sector Authority, disguised himself as a skip tracer named Spray to manipulate the young Han Solo into helping break-up a slaving operation. Supposedly working for Interstellar Collections Limited, he insisted on staying aboard the Millennium Falcon to secure the company's interest in the ship.
An Appointed Intermediate was a title for a being that represented the Periphery region in the Galactic Senate. During the Separatist Crisis, Dorosii the Hutt was the Appointed Intermediate of the Periphery region.
Associate Governor was a governmental position within the Galactic Empire. Mothra, a former Tax Inspector, held this position after being promoted.
Attorney General was an occupation held by organizations including the Corporate Sector Authority.
Baron Administrator, also spelled Baron-Administrator, was a title borne by the individual in charge of certain facilities, including Cloud City, a floating metropolis suspended in the clouds of Bespin, and the space station best known as the Wheel.Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure Around the time of the Battle of Hoth, Cloud City's Baron Administrator was Lando Calrissian, a position he won in a game of cards. Calrissian abandoned the title during the Galactic Empire's occupation of Cloud City, though he later reclaimed the title following the fall of the Iron Blockade. By 7 ABY, Calrissian was no longer the Baron Administrator.
Baron Administrator was the title of whoever was in charge of Cloud City on Bespin and other comparable facilities. By 3 ABY, Cloud City's Baron Administrator was Lando Calrissian, who had won the title and position from his predecessor, Dominic Raynor, in a game of sabacc. This title was later used by Daran Tal when he came into control of the Crystal Web Station, and was further implemented for the ruler of the platform city of Cularin. The post of Baron Administrator was symbolized by a belt with a distinctive buckle design. An Aeien silk cape was also often used as a symbol of the office.
A bureaucrat was any individual with an official position in a government. The term was also used pejoratively to describe someone in a position of power who was more devoted to the details of administrative procedures than with people's needs. In the final years of the Galactic Republic, the Galactic Senate had become increasingly corrupt with bureaucrats working behind the scenes, such as Vice Chancellor Mas Amedda, who served under Supreme Chancellors Finis Valorum and Sheev Palpatine. Many of these bureaucrats were, according to then-Senator Palpatine, on the payroll of major trading conglomerates, such as the Trade Federation, and special-interests lobbies who exploited legal loopholes in Republic free trade laws. As such, the bureaucrats sought to maintain chancellors who would become mired in the bureaucracy to prevent them from taking action against their backers. Pursuant to this, the bureaucrats allowed Chancellor Valorum to be reelected for a second term of office to continue their practices. At some point in his term, Valorum secretly sent Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas and his administrative aide, Silman, to negotiate with members of the Pyke Syndicate to prevent a full-scale war from erupting under the surface of Coruscant over spices. The negotiations were kept secret by Valorum and several senators because they feared that open negotiations with a criminal element would offer opposition leaders in the bureaucracy a reason to bring down the administration. After Valorum was voted out of office, the newly-elected Chancellor Palpatine pledged to end corruption and bureaucratic roadblocks in the Senate.
A bureaucrat was a person who held an administrative position in an organization. Shodon Ko was a bureaucrat for the Hyperspace Navigator's Guild.
The Chief of State was the leader of the Dac Council. Candidates for the position were presented by each faction within the Council, which then had a vote to decide who would win. The runners-up in the election became the Prime Minister and defense minister.
The Chief Tax Chaplain was a high-ranking official in the government and religion of the Ugor species. Visitors to the Ugors' junk-filled Paradise system were granted an audience with the Chief Tax Chaplain to pay the necessary entrance and license fees (viewed as a donation by the Ugors).Scavenger Hunt, p. 14. Sometime between the Battle of Yavin and the Battle of Hoth,The date of Scavenger Hunt is not given in the adventure, but it must occur within this range, as the Death Star has been destroyed and Carlist Rieekan has not yet been assigned to Echo Base. the Ugors' Chief Tax Chaplain was ArrGack.
Councilor was a title held by members of a Council.
A councillor was an individual who was part of a council. They were usually elected to the position.
Counselor was an advisory rank used by the Hetzalian government. Daan was one individual who served in the role.
A customs official, also referred to as a customs officer, was an official sometimes in charge of a docks. One such officer was in charge of the shipping docks in Sundari, the capital city of the planet Mandalore.
A customs official was an official in charge of people coming through planets.
Defense minister was a position on the Dac Council. When the Council had an election to determine who would become Chief of State, one of the runners-up would be named defense minister.
Deputy governor was an elected position on the Dac Council. Each district on Dac as well as each of the Mon Calamari colonies elected governors and deputy governors every two years to serve on the Council.
A diplomat was someone involved in diplomacy, the art and practice of conducting negotiations between representatives of groups or states. Diplomats were commonly assisted by protocol droids, a type of droid programmed in etiquette and equipped with formidable language skills. Diplomats enjoyed a specific form of immunity that exempted from many ordinary criminal and civil laws.
A diplomat was someone involved in diplomacy, the art and practice of conducting negotiations between representatives of groups or states. They were studious followers of politics and law. Some were devoted to free democracy. Others, like the Separatist senators, were more interested in their own needs. Jedi Master Adi Gallia's parents were noted Corellian diplomats. The key role of any given diplomat was to simply keep up relations with other species, planets, and systems. Since there was an amazingly vast amount of species in the galaxy, their role was a vital one. Each sector had at least one Senator, a form of diplomat that partook in meetings with the Galactic Senate. In some cases, there may have been two or more senators from any given planet, such as with Padmé Amidala and Jar Jar Binks from Naboo.
Emissary was a title for a diplomat. During the era of the New Republic, the Twi'lek Yendor served as Ryloth's emissary to the Galactic Senate.
Emissary was a title used by some diplomats. One emissary served the reborn Sith Empire before the Galactic War, while Nathanjo Nirrelz served as an Emissary for the Gotal Foreign Affairs Commune during the Separatist Crisis.
A Holy Officer was a member of the Ugor species' fleet and an official in the species' government and religion. Holy Officers were considered the arbiters of Ugorian Divine Law.
A junior legislator was a representative of lower rank in the Imperial Senate. Leia Organa became a junior legislator at the young age of fourteen. Eventually, she succeeded her adopted father Bail Organa as Senator of Alderaan.
The Magister of Trade was a position in the government of the planet Seltos, dealing with interplanetary trade. In the early years of the New Republic, Sinya Deboora held the post until being outed as an Imperial spy.
Minister of Industry was a title held by one of the six members of the Alliance Cabinet of the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Senator Vasp Vaspar of the Taldot sector held the title and had a seat in the Alliance High Command around the time of the Battle of Scarif in the year 0 BBY.
A Parliamentarian was a role in the Galactic Senate.
A priest-scientist was a member of the government and religion of the Ugor species. Sometime between the Battle of Yavin and the Battle of Hoth,The date of Scavenger Hunt is not given in the adventure, but it must occur within this range, as the Death Star has been destroyed and Carlist Rieekan has not yet been assigned to Echo Base. priest-scientists investigated a piece of wreckage from the first Death Star and discovered that it contained a powerful gravity well projector. The priest-scientists tweaked the device and used it to bring order to the Ugors' system-spanning salvage yard, the Paradise system.
A Reverend Auditor was an official in the government and religion of the Ugor species. Sometime between the Battle of Yavin and the Battle of Hoth,The date of Scavenger Hunt is not given in the adventure, but it must occur within this range, as the Death Star has been destroyed and Carlist Rieekan has not yet been assigned to Echo Base. the Ugor ArrGack was a Reverend Auditor.
Senators, also referred to as Galactic Senators, were individuals who represented the many planets of the galaxy in the Senate of the Galactic Republic. Some senators were genuine in their desire to make improvements, while others were entirely corrupt and sought only personal gain. Senators were often served by various aides, whose careers were closely tied to the senator they served, unless they were able to replace them. Many senators supported and cheered Sheev Palpatine's proclamation that turned the Republic into the Galactic Empire at the end of the Clone Wars. The senators then became members of the Imperial Senate. Fourteen years into the Imperial Senate's existence, the power of the senators had grown weaker as the Emperor's planetary governors and Moffs exercised more responsibility over their planets and systems. A few years later, the Imperial Senate was disbanded by the Emperor. Shortly after the Battle of Endor, the Rebel Alliance achieved their goal and restored the Republic in the form of the New Republic. As one of its first acts in the long process of bringing back democracy to the galaxy, the Republic restored the Galactic Senate.A senator's formalwear reflected the culture of their homeworld but could also command respect when they negotiated deals. Many senators proudly wore the traditional attire of their people, although some used their status and the significant budget of their office to purchase lavish clothing. They instead wore the finest imported fabrics in elaborate creations designed by the most famous fashion designers on Coruscant. Prudent senatorial aides followed the lead of their senator in the attire they chose for official duties, although others focused instead on creating an intimidating presence.Galactic Republic During the last decades of the Galactic Republic, senators represented the Republic's various member worlds, sectors and commerce guilds including the Trade Federation at the Galactic Senate on Coruscant. During the Invasion of Naboo, Sheev Palpatine served as Naboo's senator in the Galactic Senate while Lott Dod represented the Federation. Their functions including representing their homeworlds, adjudicating on galactic disputes, and debating and voting on legislation and motions. By the time of the Separatist Crisis, the Senate had at least two thousand senators. Several Loyalist senators, including the Naboo senator Padmé Amidala, the Alderaanian senator Bail Organa, and the Ryloth senator Orn Free Taa formed the Loyalist Committee to advise Supreme Chancellor Palpatine. During the time of the Galactic Republic, the position had no term limit. After the creation of the Confederacy of Independent Systems, many important senators—such as Toonbuck Toora and Rogwa Wodrata—elected to support the Republic's new rival. By the Clone Wars between the Republic and Confederacy, the Confederacy had established a rival Separatist Senate on the planet Raxus Secundus. Some prominent Separatist senators included the Onderonian Mina Bonteri and her son Lux Bonteri, Prime Minister Bec Lawise, and Voe Atell. Towards the end of the conflict, several concerned Republic senators including Amidala, Organa, and Mon Mothma formed the Delegation of 2,000 to criticize Palpatine's conduct of the war and to petition him to return his emergency powers to the Galactic Senate. Following the Proclamation of the New Order, the Galactic Senate was revamped as the Imperial Senate of the Galactic Empire. While many senators welcomed the establishment of the Empire as an end to the carnage and destruction of the Clone Wars, others like Amidala and Organa were unhappy with the New Order. After Palpatine crowned himself as Emperor, the Imperial Senate's powers were progressively curtailed. By the fourteenth year of the Age of the Empire, Imperial senators wielded less power than planetary governors. The Emperor preserved the Senate in order to convince its member worlds that they still had a part to play in the new government. In secret, the Emperor planned to abolish the Senate once the Death Star had been completed so that he could rule the Empire through terror. Some senators like the Thrad senator Nadea Tural continued attending Senate sessions since she believed that the Empire passed legislation which had been voted into law. However, the Emperor often did not implement legislation introduced by the Senate. Some other notable senators included Bail Organa's adopted daughter Leia Organa, and the "Senator-in-exile" Gall Trayvis. Following the theft of the Death Star plans, Darth Vader arrested Princess Leia for aiding the Rebel Alliance. Emperor Palpatine promptly dissolved the Imperial Senate. In addition, Tural and several other dissident senators were imprisoned at the Arrth-Eno Prison Complex on Coruscant. The Alliance attempted to rescue the imprisoned senators but the Emperor hatched a successful plot to kill the senators and the Rebel spies. Official Imperial propaganda claimed that the rebels had bombed the prison in order to deny these senators a trial. Following the Battle of Endor, the New Republic, the successor government established by the Alliance to Restore the Republic, re-established the Galactic Senate on Chandrila. Their duties included representing their homeworlds, debating and voting on legislation and motions, and investigating intrasystem disputes and criminal factions that threatened the New Republic. New Republic senatorial protocol also differentiated senators into two main categories: senior senator and junior senator. About twenty four years after the events on Endor, two major senatorial factions had emerged in the Galactic Senate: the Centrists, who desired a stronger galactic government and military; and the Populists, who wanted to preserve considerable autonomy for member worlds. The rivalry and philosophical differences between the two factions created deadlock in the Senate, which led to much inaction on the part of the New Republic. In response to this deadlock, the Centrists proposed the creation of a new office called First Senator, which would wield considerable power over the economy and military. Some prominent New Republic senators included Leia Organa, the Gatalenta senator Tai-Lin Garr, the Arkanis senator Lady Carise Sindian, and the Riosan senator Ransolm Casterfo. Prior to the destruction of the Hosnian system, several New Republic senators including Lady Carise and Erudo Ro-Kiintor were secretly colluding with the First Order, a remnant of the Old Empire. In 29 ABY, Centrist systems seceded from the New Republic, publicly forming the political core of the First Order.Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary  Senator Planet or sector represented  Term  Notes  Species and genderAangc. 21 BBYMember of Military Oversight CommitteeRoonan maleAak, AskMalastarec.22 BBYMember of the Loyalist CommitteeGran maleAlavar, Nee c. 19 BBYMember of Delegation of 2,000Arrested on charges of treasonHumanAldrete, AgrippaAlderaanc. 32 BBYAide to Senator Bail AntillesHuman maleAmedda, MasChampalac. 32 BBYElected as Vice ChairChagrian maleAmidala, PadméChommell sector and Naboo28 BBY–19 BBYDied giving birth to her children, Luke Skywalker and Leia OrganaHuman femaleAntilles, BailAlderaanc. 32 BBYSucceeded by Bail OrganaAlderaanian Human maleArgente, PasselKooriva and the Corporate Alliancec. 32 BBY–22 BBYJoined SeparatistsKoorivar maleAwmeeth, Veedaaz c. 19 BBY Baab, Fema c. 19 BBY Human femaleBar Gane, Edcel c. 32 BBY Roonan maleBinks, Jar JarRepresentative of the Gungan people of Naboo; later Senator of Nabooc. 22 BBY–19 BBYGungan maleBonteri, MinaOnderonJoined Separatists and assassinatedHuman femaleBonteri, Luxc. 20 BBYRejoined the Republic senateHuman maleBreemu, Bana c. 19 BBYMember of Delegation of 2,000Human femaleBulgeskiSallichec. 85 BBY Sallichen maleBurtoni, HalleKaminoc. 21 BBY Kaminoan femaleCadaman, TannerFeenixc. 19 BBYArrested and supposedly killed by Rebel AllianceHuman maleCard, NixSenator for the InterGalactic Banking Clanc.21 BBYReplaced Senator Rush ClovisMuun maleChristo c. 22 BBY Quarren maleChuchi, RiyoPantora c. 22 BBY Pantoran femaleClovis, RushScipioc. 22 BBYJoined Separatists and exposed as traitorHuman maleColandrusSuntilla system  Tarsunt maleConcorkill, Sweitt c. 19 BBY Vurk maleCreip, Neb c. 19 BBY Human maleDanu, Giddean c. 19 BBYMember of Delegation of 2,000Human maleDeechi, MeeUmbarac. 22 BBY.Murdered by Lolo Purs on CoruscantUmbaran maleDio, Lexi c. 22 BBY Human femaleDod, LottNeimoidiac. 32 BBYJoined SeparatistsNeimoidian maleDowmeia, TundraMon Cala22 BBYQuarrenDrake, IvorKestos Minorc. 19 BBYArrested and supposedly killed by Rebel AllianceHuman femaleFarr, OnacondaRodiac. 32 BBY–20 BBYKilled by poison from Lolo Purs, Farr had also previously joined the Separatists but re-joined the RepublicRodian maleFith, Fbinti   Chadra-Fan femaleGreyshade, SimonVorzyd Vc.22 BBYJebel, NowerUyterc.0 BBY Human maleKharrusKinyenc.22 BBYKilled by Weequay PiratesGran maleLedwellow, DanryEr'Kit  Er'Kit maleMalé-Dee c.19 BBY Human maleMerrik, TalKalevalac. 21 BBYJoined Death Watch and was executed as a traitorHuman maleMoe, AksMalastarec. 32 BBY Gran maleMothma, MonChandrilac. 32 BBY–2 BBYExposed as a member of the Rebel AllianceHuman femaleNudo, Po c. 32 BBY–22 BBYJoined SeparatistsAqualish maleOrgana, BailAlderaanc. 22 BBYKilled when Alderaan was destroyed by the Death StarHuman maleOrgana, LeiaAlderaan-0  BBYServed as aide to her father, became youngest senator in the Imperial Senate.Human femaleOshadamChommell sector and Naboo—28 BBYSucceeded by Padmé AmidalaFemalePaddie, Ister c. 22 BBY Human malePalpatine, SheevChommell sector and Naboo—32 BBYElected as Supreme ChancellorHuman malePamlo, TynnraTaris  Human femalePapanoida, Chi EekwayPantoraSucceeded Riyo Chuchi as senator of Pantora  Pantoran femalePaulness, Zinn  Member of Council of Neutral SystemsHuman malePhilo c. 22 BBYAssassinated by Cad BaneGran malePlain, MakBanker of the InterGalactic Banking Clan  Muun malePurs, LoloRodiac.21 BBYRepresentative and Aide to Senator Onaconda FarrRodian femaleRab, Mot-Not c. 32 BBY Tarnab maleRenking, DomusLothalc.3 BBYArrested on bribery chargesHuman maleRobb, Kin c. 21 BBY Human femaleRoohd, Dantum c. 21 BBY Human maleRyyder, Horox c. 32 BBY–19 BBY Anx maleSadashassa, SheaHerdessac. 19 BBYArrested and supposedly executed by PalpatineSaam, GumeTibrin and the Techno Unionc. 19 BBYSupported the SeparatistsIshi Tib MaleSedran, YudrishChalactaStar Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious  ChalactanShessaun, Silya c. 19 BBY Human femaleSirrom, Gem c. 19 BBY Human FemaleStonk c.21 BBY Ithorian MaleJakker-Sun c. 22 BBY Ithorian MaleStreamdrinkerTynna19 BBYArrested by PalpatineTynnan maleTaa, Orn FreeRyloth c. 32 BBY-14 BBY  Twi'lek maleTaneel, TerrSenexc. 19 BBY Human femaleTavettiProtobranchc. 85 BBY Bivall maleTeem, AinleeMalastarec. 32 BBY GranTikkesMon Calac. 32 BBY–22 BBYJoined Separatists, replaced by Meena Tills and Tundra DowmeiaQuarren maleTills, MeenaMon Calac.20 BBY-19 BBY Mon Calamari femaleToora, Toonbuck c. 32 BBY–22 BBY Sy Myrthian femaleTrayvis, Gall   Human maleTural, NadeaThrad Secretly supports the Alliance to Restore the Republic but represented the planet Thrad in the Imperial Senate.Thradian femaleTyrell, Bog c. 22 BBY Aleena femaleStar Wars: Complete LocationsYaruaKashyyyk c. 32 BBY WookieeZar, FangSern Primec.19 BBYArrested by PalpatineHuman maleVaspar, VaspTaldot sector  Human male  Senator Planet or sector represented  Term  Notes  Species and genderAtell, VoeCorporate Alliancec.21 BBY FemaleBluss, By c.22 BBY Leyakian MaleBonteri, MinaOnderonc.22 BBY-21 BBY Onderonian FemaleBonteri, Luxc.20 BBYDefected from the SeparatistsOnderonian MaleFonti, Amita   Gossam FemaleKushi, Kerch   MaleLawise, Bec c.21 BBY-19 BBY.  Separatist Congress Leader/Speaker; assassinated by Dooku.  Siniteen maleRimbaud, Punn   Rimbaud's species femaleSingh, Avi Raxus Secundus   Human male  Senator Planet or sector represented  Term  Notes  Species and genderApolin, OrmesKuatc. 28 ABYMember of the CentristsMaleArboCoruscant Member of the CentristsArlo, YubrinHosnian Prime  MaleBerenko, ThadléNaboo-34 ABYKilled by the First Order's attack on the Hosnian systemHuman femaleBevicard  Member of the CentristsMaleBruss, ZygliCandovant-34 ABYKilled by the First Order's attack on the Hosnian systemCandovantanBushar   AbednedoCasterfo, RansolmRiosa Member of the CentristsHuman maleDepallo, ThanlisCommenor-34 ABYKilled by the First Order's attack on the Hosnian systemHuman maleDrolley, PimaAkiva  Human femaleEk, AshminAnthan Prime  MaleEmshwa, Tia'dor   FatilOrinda Member of the CentristsFemaleGarr, Tai-LinGatalentac.28 ABYMember of the PopulistsAssassinated by the leader of the Amaxine warriors, Arliz HadrassianMaleGillen, NahaniUyter-34 ABYKilled by the First Order's attack on the Hosnian systemHuman femaleGiller c. 28 ABYMember of the CentristsMaleHarmodius, DurmChandrila5 ABY Jebel, NowerUyterc.5 ABY  Human maleJogurner  Count senatorMaleKee, BrasmonAbednedo-34 ABY Abednedo maleLorrin -5 ABY Madmund, OrrisCoruscant Member of the CentristsMaleMortanComra Member of the CentristsNey, AnibSullust Member of the PopulistsSullustan maleNeshurrion, GaddeUbardia-34 ABYKilled by the First Order's attack on the Hosnian systemHuman maleOko-Po   Ithorian femaleOrgana, LeiaAlderaan sectorc. 5 ABY–28 ABYMember of the Populists; resignedHuman femaleRethalowFrong  Frong maleRo-Kiintor, ErudoHevurion Member of the CentristsHuman maleRobb-Vot, AndrithalTarisc. 28 ABY–34 ABYKilled by the First Order's attack on the Hosnian systemSindian, CariseArkanis Member of the CentristsHuman femaleSorka, GrelkaAskaji  FemaleTar, Nim   Quermian maleOttegan senator 5 ABY OtteganVicly, VarishLonera  Loneran femaleVillecham, LaneverTarsunt33 ABY-34 ABYElected as the ChancellorTarsunt maleWartol, TolwarOrish  Orishen maleWieedo, DorRodia 5 ABY   Rodian maleXiono, HamatoHosnian Prime-34 ABYSurvived from the First Order attack on the Hosnian system by being offworldHuman male
Senators were beings who represented their planet, system, and/or sector in the Galactic Senate of the Galactic Republic, Separatist Parliament of the Confederacy of Independent Systems, Imperial Senate of the Galactic Empire, New Republic Senate, or Galactic Alliance Senate. They often worked alongside Associate Representatives. They also acted as sectorial heads of state in the Old Republic, New Republic, and Galactic Alliance senates. Some senators alternately represented very powerful megacorporations and industries, such as the Trade Federation or the Corporate Alliance. During the waning days of the Old Republic, many senators had fallen to corruption and decadence, while others strove to uphold the ideals of democracy. Other senators also served in the Bakuran Senate.  Senator Planet or sector represented  Term  Notes  Species and genderAangRoonac. 21 BBYRoonan maleAak, AskMalastare and the Dustig sector22 BBY–19 BBYGran maleAdem'thorn, Yeb YebMakem Te and the Nilgaard sectorc. 32 BBYSwokes Swokes maleAlavar, NeeLorrd and Kanz sectorc. 19 BBYArrested and executed by PalpatineHuman femaleAldrete, AgrippaAlderaan and Alderaan sectorc. 52 BBYReplaced by Bail AntillesHuman maleAllum, Vivendic. 44 BBYmaleAmedda, MasChampalac. 33 BBYelected as Vice ChairChagrian maleAmidala, PadméNaboo and Chommell sectorc. 25 BBY-19 BBYDied giving birth to her children, Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa SoloHuman femaleAnnon, Blixc. 77 BBYKilled by heart attackHuman maleAm-Ris, ParanCereac. 3653 BBYBecame interim Supreme ChancellorCerean maleAntilles, BailAlderaan and Alderaan sectorc. 33/32 BBYReplaced by Bail Prestor OrganaHuman maleAnujo, Cellheimc. 19 BBYArgente, PasselMurkhana and the Corporate Alliancec. 33 BBY–22 BBYJoined SeparatistsKoorivar maleAshgad, Setic. 20 BBYexiled by PalpatineHuman maleAtanna, GabrialEsselesc. 0 BBYSpied on Esseles' defense industry for the Alliance to Restore the RepublicMaleAtell, VoeJoined SeparatistsFemaleAwmeeth, VeedaazSarrish and Vensensor sectorc. 19 BBYUnidentified Sarrish species maleBaab, FemaBajic sectorc. 19 BBYHuman femaleBar Gane, EdcelRoonac. 33/32 BBYRoonan maleBel Iblis, GarmCorellia and Corellian sectorc. 22 BBY–0 BBYDeath fakedHuman maleBendon, TendauIthor and Ottega sectorc. 33 BBY–19 BBYarrested by PalpatineIthorian maleBertar, Canny MandaryMrlsst and Tapani sectorc. 23 BBY–0 BBYMrlssi femaleBeruss, DomanIllodia and Illodia sectorc. 19 BBY–0 BBYHuman maleBibbeck, CharColunda Prime and Colunda sectorc. 22 BBYCensuredHuman maleBinks, Jar JarRepresentative of the Gungan people of Naboo; later Senator of Nabooc. 22 BBY–19 BBY (Rep.); c. 19 BBY–6 BBY (Sen.)Replaced by Pooja NaberrieGungan maleBluss, ByJoined SeparatistsMaleBonteri, MinaOnderonJoined Separatists and assassinatedHuman femaleBraxisPho Ph'eah and Kalamith sectorc. 19 BBYPho Ph'eahian maleBreemu, BanaHumbarine and Humbarine sectorc. 19 BBYArrested by PalpatineHuman femaleBremack, TyrecaAgamar and Lahara sectorc. 22 BBYJoined SeparatistsHuman femaleBribbs, BeolarsSullustJoined SeparatistsSullustan maleBronk, DewellKedorzhac. 22 BBYKedorzhan maleBrun, RasitRintonne and Lambda sectorc. 22 BBYHuman maleBurtoni, HalleKaminoc. 22 BBYKaminoan femaleCadaman, TannerFeenixc. 19 BBYArrested amd supposedly executed by PalpatineHuman maleBu, CandabrineLansonoc. 22 BBYHuman femaleCallen, Vic. 44 BBYmaleCard, NixAssociate Planetary Representative of the InterGalactic Banking ClanJoined SeparatistsMuun maleCheloGerrard Vc. 0 BBYHuman maleChristoc. 22 BBYQuarren maleChuchi, RiyoPantora and the Sujimis sectorc. 22 BBYPantoran femaleClovis, RushScipioc. 22 BBYJoined Separatists and exposed as traitorHuman maleConcorkill, SweittSembla and the Sertar sectorc. 19 BBYArrested by PalpatineVurk maleContispex Ic. 11,000 BBYelected as Supreme ChancellorHuman maleCoorr, RonetIsenoc. 22 BBY–20 BBYRetired in disgrace after taking bribes from the SeparatistsHuman maleCreip, Nebc. 19 BBYHuman maleCroteFregoc. 40 BBYArrested for criminal connectionsHuman maleDanu, GiddeanKuat and Kuat sectorc. 19 BBYArrested by PalpatineHuman maleDarsanaGlee Anselmc. 22 BBYAnselmi maleDeechi, MeeUmbara and the Ghost Nebulac. 22 BBYStabbed and murdered by Lolo PursUmbaran maleDell, Harkonc. 19 BBYmaleDerlin, GalenTiisheraanc. 19 BBYRetired and assassinated by Palpatine's operativesHuman maleDes'seinc. 19 BBYmaleDhori Tolas, MinaKorvaii—0 BBYHuman femaleDio, LexiUyter and the Lantillian sectorc. 22 BBY–20 BBYAssassinated, replaced by Malé-DeeHuman femaleDivinian, BogNuralee26 BBY–22 BBYHuman maleDod, LottNeimoidia and the Trade Federationc. 33 BBYJoined SeparatistsNeimoidian maleOrtell Donovan, JamesMindabaal?–0 BBYSupposedly survived Imperial bormbardment of homeworld caused by Palpatine's ordersHuman maleDonte, SilvuRiflorc. 32 BBYJoined SeparatistsAdvosze maleDowmeia, TundraDac and Calamari sector22 BBY–19 BBYArrested by Palpatine, replaced by Timi RotramelQuarren maleDrake, IvorKestos Minor and Kwymar sectorc. 19 BBYArrested and supposedly executed by PalpatineHuman femaleDrexx, Bezzc. 22 BBYExposed for corruption after receiving bribes from the SeparatistsmaleEddawan, GalimTyanc. 77 BBYHuman maleEddicus, AnwisElected as Supreme ChancellorEekway, ChiWroonac. 19 BBYArrested by PalpatinePantoran femaleElroodElsah'sai'MoroDevaron and Devaron Spacec. 22 BBYAssassinated, replaced by Vien'sai'mallocDevaronian femaleEstornii, EeusuOrd Zeuol and the Vilonis sectorc. 19 BBYZeuolin femaleFarazzishFarr, OnacondaRodiac. 32 BBY–21 BBYKilled by poison from Lolo Purs, Farr had also previously joined the Separatists but re-joined the RepublicRodian maleF'ass, DodraClak'dor VII and Mayagil sectorc. 22 BBYJoined SeparatistsBith maleFilloreanelected as Supreme ChancellorFirdAlsakan and Coruscant sectorHuman maleFonti, AmitaJoined SeparatistsGossam femaleFontin, Karec. 19 BBY–0 BBYHuman maleFordox, ComCorellia and Corellian sectorc. 33 BBYReplaced by Garm Bel IblisHuman maleGnoc. 19 BBY–0 BBYmaleGoppleErigormc. 22 BBY–19 BBYHuman maleGoravvus, HaydelTaris and the Taris sector3,966 BBY-3,964 BBYFirst senator of Taris; disappeared during the Siege of Tarishumanoid maleGracus, BorSluis Van and Sluis sectorc. 33 BBYreplaced by Corlissi LudarHuman maleGrawc. 3,963 BBYMaleGrebleipsBrodo Asogi and the Perinn sectorc. 33 BBY–19 BBYArrested by PalpatinemaleGreejatus, JanusChommell Minor and Chommell sector32 BBY–30 BBYreplaced by Horace VancilHuman maleGreyshade, JheramahdVorzyd V and the Commonalityc. 24 BBYAssassinated by Tsian, replaced by Simon GreyshadeHuman maleGreyshade, SimonVorzyd V and the Commonality24 BBY–0 ABYHuman maleGunray, NuteNeimoidia and the Trade Federation—44 BBYReplaced by Lott DodNeimoidian maleHa'Nook, JannieGlithnosc. 20 BBY–19 BBYHuman femaleHarbright, SelniaSallichec. 0 BBYHuman femaleHerbinc. 22 BBYmaleHowler, ZoGravlex Med and Raioballo sector22 BBY–19 BBYAnx maleHrul, BoganniOrd Thoden and Dynali sectorc. 22 BBYHuman maleIndriummsegh, Rennimdius B'thogElom and the Sertar sectorc. 22 BBYElomin maleIridik'k-stalluc. 19 BBYfemaleirm-Drocubac, NemrileoTanjay IVc. 22 BBYAssassinatedTanjayan maleJubbenc. 22 BBYAssassinated by Zam WesellKaa, Chom FreyRepresentative of Ryloth and the Gaulus sectorc. 32 BBYArrested by Mace WinduTwi'lek maleKalpanaelected as Supreme ChancellorKee, DenariaAssociate Planetary Representative of Murkhana and the Corporate Alliancec. 33 BBY–22 BBYJoined SeparatistsKoorivar femaleKharrus- 22 BBYAssassinated by Weequay piratesGran maleKim, VidarNaboo and Chommell sector—52 BBYAssassinated supposedly by Palpatine, replaced by PalpatineHuman maleKomain, AletDaimar—19 BBYHuman maleKrasul, ZorinAnaxes3641 BBYHuman maleKrystalMalastare and the Dustig sectorc. 0 BBYHuman maleKuna, FoRepresentative of Gravlex Med and the Raioballo sector22 BBY–19 BBYAnx maleKushi, KerchJoined SeparatistsMaleLargettoc. 19 BBYmaleLawise, BecJoined SeparatistsSiniteen maleLedwellow, DanryEr'Kit and the Noonian sectorc. 22 BBYEr'Kit maleLenoan RisiKuat and Kuat sectorc. 22 BBYRemoved from office and replaced by Giddean DanuHuman femaleLi, EelenTriffispre-32 BBY—TriffianLimoth, GarlanTrans-Nebular sectorc. 32 BBY–19 BBYAssassinated on the orders of PalpatineHuman maleLooruya, HavrisoYir Tangeec. 22 BBYHuman maleLudar, CorlissiSluis Van and Sluis sectorc. 22 BBYJoined SeparatistsSluissi maleMaas, IlovDelphonc. 0 BBYHuman maleMalé-DeeUyter and the Lantillian sector20 BBY–19 BBYArrested by PalpatineHuman maleMatrin, Quorlthe Gordian Reachc. 0 BBYHuman maleMaximc. 33 BBYMcnamaraBefore 1 ABYImperial-alignedmaleMerrik, TalKalevala and the Mandalore sectorc. 22 BBYJoined Separatists and was executed as a traitorHuman maleMetonae, TashAlderaanContemporary with Supreme Chancellor Vaila PecivasHumanMezzileen, SignetElected as Supreme ChancellorMoe, AksMalastare and the Dustig sectorc. 33 BBY–22 BBYAssassinated, replaced by Ask AakGran maleMojeAssociate Planetary Representative of ThustraJoined SeparatistsSephi maleMorvisChandrila and Bormea sectorc. 3963 BBYOn third termHuman femaleMosbree, ArcelBrentaal and Bormea sectorc. 22 BBYRetiredHuman maleMothma, MonChandrila and Bormea sectorc. 19 BBY–0 BBYExposed as a member of the Rebel Alliance, replaced by Canna OmondaHuman femaleMousulAnsion and the Churnis sectorc. 22 BBYJoined SeparatistsAnsionian maleNaberrie, PoojaNaboo and Chommell sectorc. 6 BBY–0 BBYHuman femaleNaviThustra and the Sumitra sectorc. 21 BBYJoined Separatists and arrested for attempting to kill YodaSephi maleNetusElected as Minister of DefensemaleNiopua, Ihuc. 21 BBYmaleNot Rab, Motc. 33/32 BBYTarnab maleNudo, PoAndo and Dufilvian sectorc. 33 BBY–22 BBYJoined Separatists; replaced by an Aquala maleUalaq maleOlbeg, HanPitann and Kathol sectorc. 22 BBYnear-Human maleOmonda, CannaChandrila and Bormea sector0 BBYExecuted by PalpatineHuman femaleOodoraManaanOraltorIthor and Ottega sectorIthorian maleOrandaAgamar and the Lahara sector3643 BBYHuman femaleOrgana, BailAlderaan and Alderaan sectorc. 22 BBY–2 BBYMurdered when Alderaan blew up on the orders of PalpatineHuman maleOrgana, LeiaAlderaan and Alderaan sector2 BBY–0 BBYArrestedHuman femaleOt'Hyne, EeshrinCaamasc. 22 BBYCaamasi malePaddie, IsterSermeria and the Locris sectorc. 22 BBYHuman malePageCorulag and Bormea sectorc. 0 BBYHuman malePaige-Tarkin, ShaylaEriadu and Seswenna sectorc. 22 BBY–19 BBYHuman femalePalpatineNaboo and Chommell sector52 BBY–32 BBYElected as Supreme Chancellor, replaced by Janus GreejatusHuman malePecivas, VailaElected as Supreme ChancellorPhiloc. 22 BBYAssassinated by Cad BaneGran malePlain, MakAssociate Planetary Representative of the InterGalactic Banking ClanJoined SeparatistsMuun maleRansa, Biconc. 44 BBYHuman maleRaveinAlderaan and Alderaan sectorHuman maleRegrap, MikAssociate Planetary Representative of Neimoidia and the Trade FederationJoined SeparatistsNeimoidian maleResbin, JollinSneeve and Kastolar sectorc. 22 BBYSneevel maleRimbaud, PunnJoined SeparatistsFemaleRitsomas, BufusTill Chorios and Meridian sectorc. 22 BBYJoined SeparatistsmaleRobb, KinTaris and Ojoster sectorc. 22 BBYHuman femaleRoddFondor and Tapani sectorc. 23 BBYJoined Separatists, replaced by Canny Mandary BertarHuman maleHurst Romodi—0 BBYsat in the Death Star conference roomHuman maleRotramel, TimiDac and Calamari sectorc. 0 BBYExecuted by Darth Vader for attempting to recruit Si-Di-Ri to the Rebel AllianceMon Calamari maleRotsino, EsuAbrion Major and Abrion sectorc. 22 BBYJoined SeparatistsHuman femaleRyyder, HoroxGravlex Med and Raioballo sectorc. 71 BBY–22 BBYRetired, replaced by Zo HowlerAnx maleSadashassa, SheaHerdessac. 19 BBYArrested and supposedly executed by PalpatineHuman femaleSaam, GumeTibrinc. 19 BBYJoined SeparatistsIshi TibSauro, SanoEerophac. 37 BBY–c. 19 BBYHuman maleScoritoles, DaggibusYag'Dhulc. 22 BBYJoined SeparatistsGivin maleSedran, YudrishChalactac. 22 BBYChalactan femaleSe'Lab, PoloBothawui and Bothan sectorc. 32 BBY–0 BBYBothan maleSh'neel, R'shinnosGenassa and M'shinni sectorc. 22 BBYM'shinShessaun, SilyaThesme and Thesme sectorc. 19 BBYHuman femaleSidras, MaelAssassinatedHuman maleSirrom, Gemc. 19 BBYHuman FemaleSnopps, ZafielCorulag and Bormea sectorc. 33 BBY–after 19 BBYReplaced by PageHuman maleS'orn, UtaBelascoc. 42 BBYRetired, ArrestedHuman femaleSpinceCorellia and Corellian sectorHuman maleStreamdrinkerTynna and the Tynna sector19 BBYArrested and supposedly executed by PalpatineTynnan maleTaa, Orn FreeRyloth and the Gaulus sectorc. 33 BBY–19 BBYTwi'lek maleTalon, Pelc. 19 BBY–c. 2 BBYHuman maleTaloon, RhyaAgridornc. 19 BBYReceived death mark from Palpatine, joined the ErasedHuman femaleTambor, WatMetalorn and the Techno Unionc. 33 BBY–22 BBYJoined SeparatistsSkakoan maleTaneel, TerrNeelanon and Senex sectorc. 19 BBYArrested by PalpatineHuman femaleTara, V'trorenc. 19 BBYTwi'lek maleTarkin, RanulphEriadu and Seswenna sectorc. 44 BBYKilled, replaced by Shayla-Paige TarkinHuman maleTarturi, BermAndarac. 26 BBYHuman maleTashrikamGrizmalltc. 22 BBYHumanTeem, AinleeRepresentative of Malastare and the Dustig sectorc. 32 BBY–22 BBYGran maleT'Egal, Pic. 44 BBYmaleTal TeffAlzoc III3643 BBYTempletonThorm, HrekinFedallec. 0 BBYHuman maleTikkesDac and the Calamari sectorc. 33 BBY–22 BBYJoined Separatists, replaced by Meena Tills and Tundra DowmeiaQuarren maleTills, MeenaDac and the Calamari sector22-19 BBYArrested by Palpatine, replaced by Timi RotramelMon Calamari femaleToora, ToonbuckSy Myrth and the Phelleem sectorc. 33 BBY–22 BBYJoined SeparatistsSy Myrthian femaleToryn, Jassoc. 22 BBYHuman maleTreen, AlastarCorulag and Bormea sectorc. 22 BBYreplaced by Zafiel SnoppsHuman maleTrell, ConnusRepresentative of Ryloth and the Gaulus sectorc. 32 BBYKilled by Jango FettTwi'lek maleTyrell, BogAleenc. 22 BBYAleena femaleVagger, GorothinAndosha II and the Andoan Free Coloniesc. 22 BBY–19 BBYUalaq maleVancil, HoraceNaboo and Chommell sector30 BBY–24 BBYsucceeded by Padmé AmidalaHuman maleValorum, Eixesc.100 BBYElected as Supreme ChancellorHumanValorum, FinisSpira and Lytton sector60 BBY–40 BBYElected as Supreme ChancellorHuman maleValorum, Tarsusc.1000 BBYElected as Supreme ChancellorHuman maleVibrion, GebnerretGhorman and Sern sectorc. 19 BBY–0 BBYHuman maleVien'sai'MallocDevaron and Devaron Space22 BBYJoined Separatists and was executed for hiring Aurra Sing to murder Senator Elsah'sai'MoroDevaronian femaleVientoc. 32 BBY–21 BBYJoined Separatists and assassinatedHuman maleVordu, AlkuDaroonc. 0 BBYHuman maleWallen, JonusDarlon and Darlon sectorc. 22 BBYCensuredHuman maleWena HavidKalarbac. 5 BBYKilledHuman maleWodrata, RogwaAlliga and Phelleem sectorc. 22 BBYJoined SeparatistsHolwuff maleWojaine, WujaPydyr and the Mortex sectorc. 22 BBYJoined SeparatistsPydyrianWrede, LanusSermeria and the Locris sectorc. 22 BBYSupposedly committed suicide, replaced by Ister PaddieHuman maleWren, Lavina Durada-VashneCularin34-19 BBYHuman femaleWuxodDerilyn and Elrood sectorc. 0 BBYHuman maleYaruaKashyyyk and Mytaranor sectorc. 33 BBY–19 BBYWookiee maleYeb, Solipoc. 19 BBYHuman maleYufwaMalastarec. 22 BBYGran maleUnidentified Echani SenatorEshanKilled by Darth RevanEchaniZar, FangSern Prime and Sern sectorc. 22 BBY–19 BBYArrested by PalpatineHuman maleZian, GromSolu Five3,641 BBYArrested for treasonChagrian maleZurrosFalleenc. 21 BBYJoined SeparatistsFalleen maleEero Iridian's fatherc. 90 BBYMale of a species  Senator  Planet  Sector  Term  Notes  Species and genderAtell, Voec. 21 BBYAlien femaleBluss, Byc. 21 BBYAlien maleBonteri, LuxOnderonc. 21 BBYReplaced his mother, later renounced the SeparatistsHuman maleBonteri, MinaOnderonc. 21 BBYMurdered ordered secretly by DookuHuman femaleFonti, Amitac. 21 BBYGossam femaleKushi, Kerchc. 21 BBYAlien maleLawise, Becc. 21 BBYBecame Separatist Congress LeaderSiniteen maleRimbaud, Punnc. 21 BBYAmphibious alien female Senator Planet  Sector  Term  Notes  Species and genderGial AckbarMon CalamariCalamari sector4 ABY–c. 10 ABYReplaced by Q-VarxMon Calamari maleA'Kla, ElegosCaamas--19 ABY–25 ABYMurdered by Shedao Shai, replaced by Releqy A'KlaCaamasi maleA'Kla, ReleqyCaamas--25 ABY–c. 35 ABYCaamasi femaleAmamanamthe B'das people--c. 16 ABYB'das maleAmara----Human maleAnglethorn, DarialBehebothSanbra sector7 ABY–after 8 ABYHuman femaleArastideGantho--c. 13 ABYHuman maleBehn-kihl-nahm----prior to 16 ABYElected as Senate ChairmanmaleBel Iblis, GarmCorelliaCorellian sector11 ABY–prior to 16 ABYReplaced by Chelch DravvadHuman maleBeruss, DomanCorelliaCorellian sector4 ABY–c. 10 ABYReplaced by Garm Bel IblisHuman femaleBeruss, DomanIllodiaIllodia sectorc. 16 ABYHuman maleBogen, Ab'elRalltiirDarpa sectorc. 16 ABYHuman maleBoma (Gungan)NabooChommell sectorc. 13 ABYGungan maleBoras, FygVortexGlythe sectorc. 26 ABY–c. 28 ABYVor maleBramsin, FostCoruscantCoruscant sectorc. 43 ABYHuman maleB'thog Indriummsegh, VerrinnefraElomSertar sector4 ABY–c. 10 ABYReplaced by RattagagechElomin maleCharrCorelliaCorellian sectorc.40 ABYHuman maleCilghalDacCalamari sectorc. 13 ABY–c. 24 ABYReplaced by Pwoe and Gron MarrabMon Calamari femaleC-GosfGosfamblingLifh sectorc. 17 ABYGosfambling maleChoFï----c. 6 ABY–c. 17 ABYmaleCoome, R'yetExodeen--17 ABY—Exodeenian maleCornin, Ala--femaleCundertol, MolierreBakuraShiritoku Spurc. 16 ABY–17 ABYHuman maleDeega, NaraClak'dor VIIMayagil sectorc. 16 ABYreplaced by E'noroBith maleDrankin----c. 16 ABYHuman maleDravvad, ChelchCorelliaCorellian sectorc. 25 ABY–c. 27 ABYReplaced by CharrHuman maleDrey'lye, TiurggBothawuiBothan sectorc. 43 ABYhead of the Senate Unification Preparations CommitteeBothan maleDru, Dall TharaRaxxa--c. 16 ABYHuman femaleDx'ono, GhicIshtIshori Confederenec. 19 ABYIshori maleE'noroClak'dor VIIMayagil sectorc. 26 ABYBith femaleEkhat, NavMurkhanaAuril sectorc. 40 ABYmaleFalanthas, Mokka----c. 13 ABY–c. 16 ABYHumanFeswin, ChauElroodElrood sectorc. 28 ABYHuman maleFey'lya, BorskKothlisBothan sector4 ABY–24 ABYElected as President; replaced by Mak SezalaBothan maleFrammel----c. 16 ABYG'Sil, G'vliCoruscantCoruscant sectorc. 40 ABYReplaced by Bramsin FostHuman maleGadan, AddathVannix--c. 8 ABY–27 ABYExposed as traitorHuman femaleGahan, GialMon CalamariCalamari sectorc. 130 ABYExecuted by Darth KraytMon Calamari maleGavrisom, Poncthe Calibop people--prior to 19 ABYelected as PresidentCalibop maleGno----c. 6 ABY–c. 17 ABYmaleHarbright, BorertSalliche--c. 25 ABYHuman maleH'aas, NabClak'dor VIIMayagil sectorc. 41 ABYBithHodidiji----c. 16 ABYmaleIman, J'meskthe Tamran people--c. 24 ABYTamran maleKvarm Jia--Tapani sectorc. 27 ABYHuman maleKem, RokariQarasc. 44 ABYelected as PresidentJessar femaleKerrithrarrKashyyykMytaranor sector4 ABY–c. 17 ABYVoted against former Imperials to serve in the SenateWookiee maleKorden, AraniNabooChommell sectorNew Republic eraGalactic Campaign Guide p.160, "Arani returns to her homeworld and becomes the New Republic senator for her people."Human femaleKybacca------Voted against former Imperials to serve in the SenateWookiee femaleLillald----c. 16 ABYHuman maleM'yet LuureExodeen--—17 ABYmurdered; replaced by R'yet CoomeExodeenian maleMarook, CianHrasskis--11 ABY–c. 17 ABYHrasskis maleMarrab, GronDacCalamari sectorc. 25 ABY–c. 29 ABYMon Calamari maleMeidoAdin--17 ABY—maleMiatamia, PotoloDiamal--c. 19 ABYDiamal maleMoolis, UmwawIthorOttega sectorc. 12 ABYIthorian femaleMothma, MonCouncilor of ChandrilaBormea sector4 ABY–11 ABYelected as PresidentHuman femaleMulaxis, MuchardisOvise IIIModdell sectorprior to 19 ABYAyrou maleNavikRodiaSavareen sectorc. 25 ABY–c. 29 ABYreplaced by Moog UlurRodian maleNiuv, NiukSullustBrema sectorc. 25 ABY–c. 29 ABYSullustan maleNoimm, Cair Tok----c. 16 ABYfemaleNyxyRudrigTion Hegemonyc. 17 ABYreplaced by Thuv ShinevOdaay, LuralonLimbala sectorsome time between 11 ABY and 18 ABYassassinatedTurian maleOmas, CalAlderaanAlderaan sectorafter 11 ABY–27 ABYelected as PresidentHuman maleOvin, PadnelKlatooinec. 44 ABYelected as PresidentKlatooinian malePeramis, TigWalallaSeventh Security Zone16 ABYcensuredHuman malePh'OllaClak'dor VIIMayagil sectorc. 41 ABYBithPlifArbraBon'nyuw-Luq sectorc. 6 ABY–c. 25 ABYHoojib malePraget, KrallEdatha--c. 16 ABYEdathan malePwoeDacCalamari sectorc. 25 ABY–28 ABYexposed as a traitorQuarren malePym, DrextarExcargaHerios sector--Lead the panel responsible for prosecuting former Imperial officials and military leaders; attempt made on his life by a former member of the Storm commandos.Human maleQuedlifu----c. 19 ABYQuis, ColaRylothGaulus sectorc. 27 ABY–c. 29 ABYTwi'lek maleQ-VarxDacCalamari sector—13 ABYA New Republic Council member and a leader of the Rationalist Party on Dac; he accepted a bribe to arrange a meeting between Leia Organa Solo and Seti Ashgad. He was replaced by CilghalMon Calamari maleRanth, Ta'laamAntar 4--c. 25 ABY–c. 35 ABYGotal maleRattagagechElomSertar sectorc. 16 ABYElomin maleRockbender, DegganTatooineArkanis sectorc. 44 ABYHuman maleRodan, FyorCommenor--c. 25 ABY–c. 29 ABYHuman maleSezala, MakBothawuiBothan sector24 ABY–c. 27 ABYreplaced by Tiurrg Drey'lyeBothan maleShesh, ViqiKuatKuat sector19 ABY–26 ABYexposed as a traitorHuman femaleShibatthi----c. 19 ABYShinev, Thuv--Tion Hegemonyc. 25 ABY–c. 29 ABYHuman maleSoBilles, JenssarDuroDuro sector4 ABY–c. 10 ABYDuros maleSolo, Leia OrganaCouncilor of AlderaanAlderaan sector4 ABY–11 ABYelected as President; replaced by Hrekin ThormHuman femaleTevv, SianCouncilor of SullustBrema sector4 ABY–c. 10 ABYSignatory of the Declaration of a New Republic; replaced by Niuk NiuvSullustan maleTreen, HaydnatKuatKuat sectorc. 43 ABYHuman femaleTriebakkKashyyykMytaranor sectorc. 25 ABY–35 ABYMember of the New Republic Advisory CouncilWookiee maleTruborChadJospro sector—24 ABYKilled while investigating the Diversity AllianceChadra-Fan maleTuomiBosch--c. 16 ABYBosch maleTypia----c. 13 ABYA member of the Daysong political factionUlur, MoogRodiaSavareen sectorc. 35 ABYRodian maleVerwood, KaysilIridoniaGlythe sector4 ABY—Zabrak femaleWuul, LuewetSullustc. 44 ABYSullustan maleWwebylsYn--c. 17 ABYYn maleWynlthe Baragwin people--c. 25 ABYBaragwin maleYar, TolikOolidi--c. 16 ABY–c. 25 ABYMember of the Council on Security and IntelligenceOolid maleZalk'tThyferraJaso sectorc. 35 ABYVratixZilarPraesitlynSluis sectorc. 16 ABYMember of the Senate Defense CouncilHuman maleUnidentified Exodeenian senatorExodeen--—17 ABYKilled during the Senate Hall bombingExodeenian maleUnidentified Nyny senatorNynyAsh Worlds—17 ABYKilled during the Senate Hall bombingNyny species maleDeredith ArdenOrn BeldenDol CaptisonGaeriel CaptisonYeorg CaptisonMolierre CundertolRennt GoviaBlaine HarrisWilek NereusNom Anor and Tamaktis Breetha, Rhommamoolian Senate.
A Senior Administrator was a position held by certain individuals within the Czerka Corporation.One individual who held this title was hunting on Hutta during the Cold War, accompanied by several battle droids. While on his trip, a bounty hunter destroyed all his droids and confronted him, demanding he cease killing the natives. Wanting to be left alone, he attempted to bribe the bounty hunter. The administrator was unable to buy his way out of the predicament and was shot by the bounty hunter.
A senior sdministrator was a position in the Galactic Empire. When Cadet First Class Eli Vanto was discussing with Thrawn about whether or not he would meet Emperor Palpatine, Vanto stated that Thrawn would never get that close, and the likely scenario was that Thrawn would be presented to a senior administrator or a junior administrator.
A Tax Chaplain was an official in the government and religion of the Ugor species. Visitors to the Ugors' junk-filled Paradise system were first greeted by a Tax Chaplain, who then ushered them to a meeting with the higher-ranking Chief Tax Chaplain to pay the necessary entrance and license fees (viewed as a donation by the Ugors).Scavenger Hunt, p. 14. Sometime between the Battle of Yavin and the Battle of Hoth,The date of Scavenger Hunt is not given in the adventure, but it must occur within this range, as the Death Star has been destroyed and Carlist Rieekan has not yet been assigned to Echo Base. the Ugor GrrKack was a Tax Chaplain.
A Trade Representative was a Nalroni official whose sole purpose was to warn free-traders and merchants of the hazards of Celanon City, and ensuring that they had taken adequate security measures in the form of paying the Trade Representative a fee so that their business would go unhindered. The fee was based on the number of visits made by the starship to Celanon, whether or not the crew were known to traffic in illegal cargo, and how much the Trade Representative believed he could extract at the time.
A bartender, also known as a tavern-keeper or barman, was an individual who ran or owned a cantina or a bar in some other kind of establishment. During the Imperial Era on Lothal, the Ithorian Jho ran Old Jho's Pit Stop, a cantina and repair shop. Jho worked the bar, and some of his frequent guests were the Spectres, a rebel cell made up of Kanan Jarrus, Hera Syndulla, Garazeb Orrelios, Sabine Wren, Ezra Bridger, and the droid C1-10P. Jho ran the bar until his execution, upon which it was given to Valen Rudor. While under Rudor's management, the bar was popular among Imperials. Also during the Imperial Era, the Wookiee Chalmun owned a cantina in the Tatooine spaceport Mos Eisley named Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina. He employed three bartenders, Wuher, Ackmena, and Husklf. The human male Wuher, who ran the bar during the day, had a gruff personality and a strong dislike for droids. The night-shift bartender was the human female Ackmena, whose friendly manner made her more popular than Wuher with the patrons. Husklf was a Nimbanel, and unlike Wuher and Ackmena, who worked the public bar, Husklf was staffed in Chalmun's private bar. Around the time of the Cold War between the Resistance and the First Order, the female Blutopian Oga Garra owned and operated Oga's Cantina in Black Spire Outpost on Batuu. Oga's Cantina sold a wide array of alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks. Z'Vk'Thkrkza, also known as Aunt Z, was a female Gilliand who lived on the refueling platform Colossus on the planet Castilon. She owned a tavern called Aunt Z's on the Colossus during the time of the Cold War.
A bartender, also referred to as a pubtender or mixocologist, was an individual who served drinks, generally at a cantina or tapcafe. In a galaxy full of thousands of species and countless types of drinks, it took intense training to tend a bar safely, as even common drinks could have adverse effects on certain species. There was at least one series of droid bartenders.Throughout the galaxy, bartenders were often looked to for advice by their patrons. Among theBith, bartenders were often looked to for advice on spiritual matters, making bartenders more important than in most societies.Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords
A bouncer was an individual who provided security outside certain establishments. By 34 ABY, the Casino Security of the Canto Casino in the coastal city of Canto Bight on Cantonica was composed of plainclothed bouncers lead by the head of security Pemmin Brunce.
A bouncer was a job in which a person provided security outside certain establishments. Snufftalon was a bouncer at Shilley's. Circa 0 ABY, Tork was a bouncer at Chalmun's Cantina.
A Brewmaster was someone responsible for brewing Lomin ale at a Lomin-ale brewery. It was similar to a Vratix Verachen but without the Verachen's highly defined rights and responsibilities within their society.
A tour guide was an individual who provided guidance to tourists. This occupation could also, in some instances, be performed by tour guide droids.
A tour guide was an individual who provided guidance to tourists. On planets where tourism was a major industry, many inhabitants might find profitable careers guiding tours, as was the case with the lush world of Carest 1 and its natives, the Jiivahar. One Jiivahar tour guide, Jannpyr, gained considerable fame. This occupation could also, in some instances, be performed by tour guide droids.
A waiter or waitress, depending on gender, took orders at an eating establishment. FLO was a WA-7 waitress droid serving at Dex's Diner. Gru was a waiter who worked at a bar on the moon Nar Shaddaa.
A waiter or waitress was an individual or, in some cases, a droid, who took food and drink orders at restaurants or diners.
8t88 was a Model 88 Tiss'shar administrative droid who went rogue and became an information broker around the time of the Galactic Civil War. In charge of maintaining an important holoscan database on Woostri, 88 was the recipient of an elaborate practical joke which left him with an undersized head and a bitter resentment of everything Human. He became an informant on Nar Shaddaa, hoping to someday enact his revenge on those responsible for his disfigurement and built up a sizable fortune working for any and every faction in the galaxy willing to pay his steep fees. Shortly after the Battle of Endor, 8t88 took a job helping a Dark Jedi named Jerec locate the Valley of the Jedi, which brought him into conflict with Rebel agent Kyle Katarn. After narrowly escaping from Katarn on Nar Shaddaa and Sulon, the droid managed to decipher a coded map giving the coordinates of the valley and presented it to Jerec. The Dark Jedi instructed 8t88 to collect his payment on a freighter named the Sulon Star, though in truth 88 was sent straight into an ambush and was decapitated by two of Jerec's minions. Both his head and body continued to exist, albeit independently, and he eventually found vengeance on the planet Mawan, where he slew the perpetrator of the prank that left him traumatized all those years previously.Early existence 8t88 was a Model 88-series administration droid constructed approximately 190 years before the Battle of Yavin by Uhr-Vah-Vo TechWorks, a Tiss'shar manufacturing company. A member of the 88 line, he was designed for bookkeeping and other administrative tasks and was eventually assigned as the leading droid in the management of the famous HoloScan Database on the planet Woostri. During a visit to Woostri by several leading members of the University of Coruscant, the University's Vice-Chancellor, a man named Zokor Polpot, had 8t88's reptilian cranium replaced with that of a JMM espionage droid in a prank intended to embarrass the Chancellor of the university. The event forced the Chancellor to resign, and 8t88 was left extremely traumatized. He began to suffer from the droid equivalent of dementia, and his former intelligence was replaced with a lust for revenge. He was horrified at the fact that his new head was undersized in comparison to his lanky frame, and he began to make frequent backups of his memory banks, ensuring that he would never forget his desire for vengeance. Seeing what had happened as a sign of anti-droid prejudice, he began to hate all living beings, particularly Humans, and his obsession for finding the beings who had caused his disfigurement knew no end. However, 8t88 only had access to his auxiliary hard drive's recollection of events and thus his memory of the perpetrators was imperfect, and lacked considerable consistency. Before long, 8t88 could no longer recall whether he was missing his original head, or his original body. His thirst for revenge, however, was never forgotten or diminished and when the 88 line was scrapped to make way for more modern administrative droids, 8t88 went rogue, becoming an information broker. He figured that the abilities he retained as an accountant would prove useful in this line of work and that it would eventually provide him with leads on those responsible for his mismatched head. He also knew that acquiring as much money as he possibly could would give him an extra advantage and before long he had accumulated a staggering amount of wealth. When 8t88 found another 88 droid with its cranium tampered with, his desire for revenge was further intensified; he offered the droid no sympathy, however, using it for spare parts whenever he was in need of any. 8t88 saw organic concepts such as morality, justice, and loyalty petty, and he happily worked for the highest bidder, often backstabbing and selling out former associates. 88's expert skills at deciphering ancient languages and cracking top-secret codes made him a much sought-after infochant and during the Galactic Civil War, almost two hundred years after his creation, he worked for the Galactic Empire, the Rebellion, and many fringe factions, building up a sturdy reputation as one of the galaxy's most reliable information brokers. 8t88 charged huge upfront fees, though his only other condition was that clients never ask from whom, how, or where he attained the information. He was not equipped for combat but his espionage-model head allowed him to constantly record events. Operating mostly out of Nar Shaddaa, 88 hired thugs whenever violence needed to be used, although the top notch bounty hunters of the era usually steered well clear of the double-crossing droid. 8t88 was said to be heartless—a metaphor he heartily endorsed—though he did care for one thing other than revenge: his pet hornagaunt, a massive beast named Grendel. 8t88's contemptuous nature did not win him any favors among his clientèle, who found his attitude and expensive fees annoying. Few customers stayed with 88 for long, though he did not care, as there were always people in need of his services on Nar Shaddaa. In 5 ABY, 8t88 outbid an Assembler information broker named Balancesheet to assist the Dark Jedi Jerec in locating the elusive Valley of the Jedi. His search led him to a holodisc in the residence of one of Jerec's victims, Morgan Katarn, on the world of Sulon. 88 was unable to decipher the disc, however, to his immense frustration. Knowing it was likely of great importance, the droid arranged a meeting with Katarn's son, Kyle Katarn, who was seeking knowledge on the identity of his father's killer, at the Rimmer's Rest cantina on Nar Shaddaa. 88 went to the meeting place an hour before Katarn was due to arrive, hoping to recruit the bounty hunter Boba Fett to act as a bodyguard, in case Katarn refused to assist the droid in cracking the holodisc's code. Fett, however, knew of Katarn's exploits on behalf of the Rebel Alliance and knowing that the man was extremely dangerous, declined 88's offer. The information broker was disappointed at being unable to acquire Fett's services, though made do with several other alien thugs instead. 88 met with Katarn, telling him that Jerec was his father's killer before having him surrounded by hired thugs. The droid offered Kyle his life in exchange for decoding the disc but the Rebel agent refused to cooperate. 8t88 ordered the man's death and left, though Katarn managed to incapacitate the droids mercenaries and gave chase. The Tiss'shar droid formulated various lies to tell Jerec to account for his failure as he ran to a landing pad on the moon, where his Lambda-class shuttle was due to collect him. Katarn, however, had placed a tracker on the droids leg; one which was only discovered and destroyed after 88 had led him to the landing pad. Katarn arrived just as 8t88 was about to board the shuttle; with a precise blaster shot, he blew off one of the infochant's arms. The arm, along with the holodisc it held, fell down into the bowels of the Smuggler's Moon. 88's guards distracted Katarn while the droid jumped onto the shuttle and when the aliens attempted to join him, Jerec's Imperial stormtroopers fired on them. The shuttle left for Sulon while a TIE/sa bomber picked up the pieces on Nar Shaddaa. Jerec's minions had found a map to the valley on the ceiling of Morgan Katarn's home during the events on Nar Shaddaa; they removed the ceiling panels and had them brought to Barons Hed, the moon's capital city. 88's shuttle brought him to an unused government building, which he had taken residence in. Using spare parts from another, obsolete 88 droid, he refitted himself with a replacement arm, before getting to work on cracking the code. After considerable effort, he deciphered it; 88 made a digital copy of it and stored the location of the valley in his memory banks. 8t88 took pleasure in the fact that all of those who had been assigned to protect him at Barons Hed, among them one of Jerec's Dark Jedi, were organics—a reverse on the usual occurrence of droids serving Humans that he was so contemptuous of. When one of the beings showed signs of insubordination, the droid used his talon-like hands to kill him—his way of keeping the other guards in line. With the map entirely decoded, 8t88 contacted Jerec on his flagship and sent him the coordinates of the valley. The Miraluka expressed his thanks before informing 88 that he would receive his payment on one of Jerec's ships, the Sulon Star, in a refueling station outside of Barons Hed. Unbeknown to 8t88, Katarn had survived and tracked him to Barons Hed. The Rebel infiltrated 88's building, slaying the droids various bodyguards. He and 8t88 faced off, with Katarn demanding that the Tiss'shar droid hand over the map. Before things developed, however, Jerec's Dark Jedi, Yun, attacked Kyle, giving 8t88 the opportunity to flee. He and Grendel made off toward the Sulon Star in their shuttle, leaving Yun to deal with Katarn. 8t88 and Grendel arrived at the Sulon Star and met with two more of Jerec's darksiders, the unlikely duo of Pic and Gorc; the presence of the two beings unsettled 8t88, who thought it unlikely that Jerec would send two of his best underlings on a simple payment mission. He knew something was amiss but demanded his payment anyway. 8t88 had outlived his use for Jerec, and the man ordered his Dark Jedi to destroy the droid; Pic decapitated him with his lightsaber. The two Dark Jedi placed 8t88's head precariously atop his shoulders and left him in the corridor; in the dim lighting he appeared to be operational. When Kyle Katarn arrived on the ship, he thought he had been triumphant in his chase for the droid, though 88's cranium soon clattered to the floor. It was immediately eaten by Grendel; meanwhile, Katarn slew Gorc and dueled with Pic. After temporarily incapacitating the Kowakian monkey-lizard, the Rebel agent killed Grendel and used his lightsaber to carve open one of the hornagaunt's stomachs and retrieve the severed head. Katarn ended the battle soon after, using 8t88's head to bash Pic's skull; in an ironic twist, 8t88 had exacted revenge on his deactivator. Katarn escaped the planet with 8t88's remains, and used his own family droid WeeGee to download the map of the Valley of the Jedi from it. 8t88 was believed to have been deactivated, but several years later Mara Jade came across 88's head on Rathalay, in smuggling kingpin Kaerobani's lair, bitterly plotting to reclaim his lost body. While his head was never known to have left Rathalay, 8t88's body may well have continued to exist after the events on the Sulon Star. Reports from all corners of the galaxy indicated that an 88 droid sporting a variety of cranium units was running amok. One of the heads was that of a Phase I dark trooper sighted on the planet Neshtab; another was utilizing a BL series droid head on the planet Keyorin in the Belderone system, while he next resurfaced with an ASP-series droid's head on Omze's Incredible Traveling Starport. The ASP cranium had extremely limited vocabulary, which caused 8t88 immense frustration. Truly missing his cranial unit, the droid was willing to pay a handsome sum of money for an 88-series head, while also intent on using an 88-series body for spare parts should he find one. However, Model 88-series droids—especially those with their original heads still intact—had become a rare sight in the galaxy, as most of them had been scrapped after the Clone Wars. As 8t88 was among the last of his kind, there was little doubt among the New Republic Intelligence Service that the sightings were of his body. 8t88 eventually found his vengeance. The latest sighting of the mysterious 88 droid was on the planet Mawan, where it was spotted with a head similar to that of an EV-series supervisor droid's robotic skull. The sighting coincided with a tragic and fatal accident suffered by visiting University of Coruscant Chancellor Zokor Polpot. Realizing that 8t88 was a threat not to be ignored, New Republic Intelligence General Airen Cracken created individual entries for both 8t88's head and torso in his Most Wanted List. After his ordeal on Woostri, 88 became extremely contemptuous of all living beings and vowed never again to serve organics. He never did, unless he was calling the shots himself. 88 found the very idea of breathing disgusting, and thought that CPUs made far more sense than biological organs. He did, however, have many Human-like emotions, and somehow possessed the ability to instinctively know when something was amiss; what many called "a bad feeling." Because he had not had a memory wipe in over a decade, during the Valley of the Jedi incident, 8t88 may not have been entirely mentally sound; he suffered from the robotic equivalent of dementia and his lust for revenge and hatred of Humans often clouded his judgment. A selfish criminal, 8t88 cared little for other beings, be they droids or organics. After salvaging a discarded 88 droid, he happily used it for spare parts and did not care at all about its feelings or thoughts on slowly being reduced to nothing. 88, although he often got himself into situations which called for violence, never got his hands dirty, preferring to have other, expendable cutthroats carry out deeds for him. 8t88 also saw himself as above the concepts of loyalty, justice, and morality, and had great disdain for them. 8t88's skeleton-body was silver and powered by hydraulic tubing, which caused his movements to make a great deal of noise. In addition, a tapping noise constantly issued from his interior. Later in his existence, 88's noisy joints were often in need of oiling, a fact that many, including bounty hunter Boba Fett, used to taunt and mock him. 8t88 had two thin limbs, which were quite fragile and susceptible to damage and large Tiss'shar talons for hands. 8t88 was possessed of a variety of functions, afforded to him by both his original design and his JMM droid head. He had a number of communication devices built into his frame, and his specially-modified vocabulator spoke in an intelligent, elegant, well-mannered voice. He also had several special storage compartments in his frame, as he wore no clothes. He was also equipped with an infrared sensor, a microscopic imager, a holographic projector/recorder, extremely perceptive audio sensors, a concealed beam transmitter, and a broadband communication antenna, as well as a comlink, heuristic processor, improved sensor package, and translator unit.
During the Imperial Era, an Anx informant operated on the planet Garel and reported to the former Jedi Ahsoka Tano.
Altuur zok Adon was a male Kubaz information broker and marksman who left the Shroud's syndicate and offered his services to the the Commander of the Eternal Alliance and Task Force Nova in early 3626 BBY. While Adon was the premier information broker under the Shroud's employ, the Kubaz had disagreements with his superiors and thus parted ways. Altuur zok Adon then decided to assist the Alliance Commander as he was amazed by tales of the Commander's journey. Claiming that no one across a hundred worlds could match his skills, the Kubaz promoted himself as an experienced broker of sensitive intelligence and an superb marksman. When they first met on Odessen, Adon expressed his great pleasure in meeting the Alliance Commander, declaring it to be a profoundly momentous occasion. Adon was a Kubaz with pale brown hair who wore brown clothing, a gray belt, and a pair of red goggles. He was a stranger from Kubindi to the wider galaxy.
Amara was an information broker who maintained a HoloNet shadowfeed during the reign of the Galactic Empire. A confident computer slicer, Amara operated the feed in secrecy, allowing the discussion of topics that were otherwise deemed forbidden by Emperor Palpatine. On one occasion, Amara offered to provide a curious client with such secrets free of charge. The broker did so without knowing the credibility of the information, hoping that the client would pursue and verify it themselves.
Anatta was a Toydarian male from the planet Tatooine who made a living as an information broker, and his services were regularly employed by the Hutt crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure. At some point during the Galactic Civil War, Anatta traveled to the planet Geonosis and attended a party that was held by the Geonosian noble Duke Piddock, where he hoped to learn some gossip that he could use to impress Jabba. During the event, Anatta encountered a band of fugitives that were on the run from the Hutt Teemo, and he provided them with some information in return for credits.
Anoura was a female Cerean information broker for the Bothan Businessman Elwis Bontraar. Her death caused her sister Zascha to enact revenge on Elwis and kidnap his daughter.During the reign of the Galactic Republic, Anoura worked as an information broker for the Bothan Elwis Bontraar, a wealthy businessman who lived on the planet Coruscant and was best known for the annual Galactic Costume Extravaganza, a costume party where guests would swap information anonymously. Anoura was eventually killed on a routine mission for Elwis which brought much grief to her Force-sensitive sister, Zascha.After Anoura's death Zascha blamed Elwis for the loss of her sister and a year later kidnapped Elwis's daughter Jennalyn Bontraar as revenge. She then anonymously contacted Elwis asking for a ransom of 1000 cred sticks to be exchanged for his daughter at the next Galactic Costume Extravaganza aboard his ship the Masquerade. However Elwis hired a number of spacers to find his daughter's kidnapper during the party as did the Hutts of Hutt Space who had been falsely accused of being the kidnappers and wanted to remove the individual who had caused the problem. Zascha attempted to trick and escape the two groups but was eventually found and forced to give up Jennalyn whilst she escaped.
The Ante was a Givin infochant who worked in the Spire, a floating city hovering above the planet Anthan Prime. He resided in the underside of the Spire and was the sector's prime info broker. Shortly after, Chelli Lona Aphra visited him searching for information about Commodex Tahn, the mortician that buried Padmé Amidala. Aphra then returned to the Ante, this time searching for information about Luke Skywalker. Shortly after exchanging this info for a hefty amount of credits, Darth Vader and Inspector Thanoth attacked the outpost. When the Ante tried to exchange information regarding Vader and Thanoth's investigation, Vader redirected a blaster bolt into the Ante's chest, silencing him and eliminating any connections between Aphra and Vader.
ARCHIVE-H was an enigmatic and successful infochant working in the Ringali Shell, who only communicated with clients over pirated HoloNet transmissions. ARCHIVE-H charged a variable fee, informed by an inexplicable ability to accurately judge what a client could afford. Low-priority information could typically be acquired for 10-100, while sensitive information, ARCHIVE-H's specialty, could cost as much as a million credits. These fees would be transferred through a maze of secured financial accounts. ARCHIVE-H's high prices were justified by the infochant's nearly perfect success rate in acquiring whatever information a client required.
Mikos Argdran was a male Human who operated as an information broker during the reign of the Galactic Empire.Mikos Argdran was a male Human who made a living as a con artist and an information broker in the Elrood sector during the Galactic Civil War. During the conflict, Argdran sold some information to the Rakaan crime lord Lud Chud regarding the delivery of a shipment of weapons to an Imperial transport, and Chud planned to attack the vessel and seize the armaments for himself. However, Argdran believed that Chud had underpaid him what the information was worth, so he warned Captain Tanda Pryl, the commanding officer of the Star Destroyer Thunderflare, about Chud's impending raid, and when the Rakaan's forces struck, the Thunderflare decimated them. Argdran also stole some data files from Chud's computer network and downloaded them onto some data disks, and when Chud learned that Argdran had both betrayed and stole from him, he dispatched several bounty hunters to kill the information broker. The hunters captured Argdran and ejected him from their airlock above the planet Korad, expecting him to plummet to his death. However, Argdran was saved by a group of Rebel Alliance agents who were searching for the missing Alliance operative Shondra Del, and Argdran agreed to help them find her. At Argdran's suggestion, the Alliance agents traveled with him to the world Merisee, where he was sure he would be able to find Del. However, they were attacked on the planet by a team of Loag assassins hired by Chud to finish Argdran off, who had been able to track the information broker's movements via a weak signal emitted by his data disks. Argdran fled the attackers and the Rebel agents were able to defeat the assassins, with help from members of the Cult of Those Who Redeem. The agents departed Merisee to continue their search for Del, and Argdran accompanied them to the planet Torina. There, they contacted the Ithorian pet shop owner Eeksa, who agreed to help them track down Del if, in return, they transported a farlek to the estate of one of her customers, the businessman Pelleo Thog. Argdran accepted the Ithorian's proposal and they delivered the creature, but were attacked at Thog's residence by another group of Loag assassins sent to kill the information broker. Argdran and the Rebels fled and returned to Eeksa's shop, and the Ithorian informed them that she had learned that Shondra Del was being held prisoner by the Empire on the planet Derilyn. Realizing that Argdran's data disks were bein tracked by the Loag, the Rebels had him transfer the information on the disks to a datapad and abandon them. Argdran then gained himself and the Rebels passage aboard the freighter Galax Titan to Derilyn. On arrival, Argdran and the Rebels rescued Del from the Arena of Games in the city Tekar, in which she had been sentenced to die, and afterward Argdran agreed to become a member of the Rebel Alliance.
Arlumek was a male Cragmoloid who was the third son of Boulad, an information broker and slicer.A year after the Galactic Empire was established, Boulad was visited by Naboo Security Officer Gregar Typho, who asked him about information about Sith Lord's locations and travels in the past. After brief negotiations, Boulad decided to hand over the information to the Captain for payment of 5,000 credits, as it was no problem for him to infiltrate the Empire's central computer and records and obtain records that would be unattainable to normal living beings. Based on this information, Typho realized that Darth Vader was responsible for the death of Padmé Amidala and left the caragmoloid again.
Reymet Autem, a Human male, was the son of Sagoro Autem. Reckless by nature, he loved to participate in daredevil swoop-bike racing through Coruscant's garbage pits. Like his father, Reymet enrolled at the Guards' Academy due to his family's connection to the Senate Guard, but he did not like it. Reymet Autem attended the Leadership School on Andara, where he met Jedi undercover "transfer students" Anakin Skywalker and Ferus Olin in 25 BBY. A computer, tech, and security systems genius who loved to play practical jokes, Reymet assisted them with the investigation of the son of Senator Berm Tarturi, Gillam Tarturi, who was allegedly kidnapped, but who had set up his own father for his staged murder, to avenge himself of him.Jedi Quest: The School of Fear In 26 BBY, Reymet was hired at the Staff College on the planet Andara, where he met Padawans Anakin Skywalker and Ferus Olin who were there to conduct research. Reymet became an expert when he manipulated the technical institutes' systems, which were being tested by Ferus. In the Guards' Academy, Reymet was a loner and had no friends, which he disclosed to Anakin Skywalker. After the disappearance of Ferus Olin, Reymet guided Jedi Masters Obi-Wan Kenobi and Siri Tachi to the Academy's ancient tunnels, from which they rescued Ferus. In 23 BBY, Reymet (having been suspended from the Academy) unknowingly helped his uncle Venco attempt to carry out his assassination attempt on Simon Greyshade. Already planning to go off-world with his girlfriend, Riao Siao, Reymet fled, helped by his father, who distracted the other Senate Guards long enough for Reymet to flee arrest. Reymet was soon followed by his mother Sula and sister Lissa, who had decided to leave Sagoro. In the years that followed, Reymet became a smuggler and information broker, one of his aliases being Evan Hessler. In 22 BBY, he was arrested for stealing a speeder belonging to Senator Simon Greyshade, after it was "borrowed" by Anakin Skywalker. However, after the war and the creation of the Galactic Empire, Reymet made an effort to find his father. Sagoro's name had appeared on a list of potential seditionists, and Darth Vader personally saw to capturing Autem. Under the guise of bounty hunter Evan Hessler, Reymet succeeded in "capturing" his father, having thwarted Tartuta and Severian. Upon revealing his true identity, Reymet and his father fled Coruscant to meet the rest of their awaiting family.
Johzan B'oh was a Herglic information broker and compulsive gambler. B'oh could usually be found at an establishment known as Ace of Sabers.Alien Anthology (page 54)
Balancesheet was a member of the Assembler species, large arachnids that grew many semi-autonomous nodes. Balancesheet was originally a node of the infamous information broker, a much smaller version of his creator, Kud'ar Mub'at. It had been given the specific task of maintaining and organizing Mub'at's financial records, hence its name. Over time, it developed an advanced sense of independence for a node; Mub'at feared such an occurrence, and re-ingested any other such nodes it discovered. However, due to Balancesheet's important role, Mub'at was reluctant to absorb the node. During the Bounty Hunter Wars, Balancesheet, unknown to its creator, revealed that it too possessed the ability to create its own nodes. Balancesheet made a node which was used to trick its master into thinking it was still attached to the neural cord Mub'at kept it on, allowing Balancesheet to detach itself from the web. After escaping Mub'at's possession, it had business conversation with Prince Xizor, which resulted in its master's downfall and death. Balancesheet also obtained a used freighter from Black Sun, after convincing Xizor that Boba Fett should not be killed. It also obtained half of the bounty on the renegade stormtrooper Trhin Voss'on't by tricking Fett, an action which Fett never forgot. With the reward from this bounty, Balancesheet was able to fund its newly independent lifestyle. While it carried on its master's role as an infochant, Balancesheet was once outbid by 8t88 on a contract from Jerec to track down the location of the legendary Valley of the Jedi. Balancesheet later struck a deal with Fett for information on the cyborg bounty hunter D'harhan, in exchange for giving him a bounty.The Essential Guide to Warfare
Sli'woon Biul was a Bothan informant who lived during the time of the Galactic Civil War.At some point between 0 BBY and 3 ABY, Crev Bombaasa hired Biul to follow Didina Lippinoss as she committed criminal actions in the service of Karrek Flim, in order to gather incriminating evidence that Shalera the Hutt could use to blackmail Flim. Bombaasa hired a passing spacer to convey Biul's data from a meeting place outside Tyrena to the Tyrena cantina.
Blasnic was a Squib infochant who operated on Burnout space station in the Thaereian system. He grew up on the station, a tough environment that prevented many typically Squibbian traits from taking hold in his psyche, and turned to a career of brokering information. In 21 BBY, Blasnic met with a group of agents working for Osten Dal'Nay at the Burnout Cafetorium cantina. When they said they wanted to find the dreaded Burnout arena, Blasnic knew he could help them, but it would not be cheap. They agreed to his (admittedly steep) price, so he gave them the directions. He even threw in information on how to find the day's contact and daily password to enter the Underburn for no extra charge.Blasnic was a hyperkinetic being. He feigned ignorance and obliviousness, keeping with the stereotypes of his species. He also yelled rather than spoke. Altogether, his behavior annoyed bystanders, but it was a calculated tactic to throw his business partners off balance and gave him the upper hand in negotiations. Nevertheless, he gladly dropped his charade when his business partners decided to get serious. Blasnic was also skilled at what he did, able to provide information on where to find the station's happening events. He was also careful. Any information he provided was strictly verbal; storing information on datachips or writing it down were risks he was not willing to take. Blasnic had adopted the droid habit of swearing by the Maker.
Haisha Su Bnist was a Human female from the Tapani sector who made a living as an information broker and petty thief during the reign of Galactic Empire. Around the time of the Galactic Civil War, when she was eighteen years old, Bnist killed and Imperial stormtrooper while resisting arrest. A "dead or alive" bounty for 3,000 credits was subsequently placed on Bnist by the Imperial Office of Criminal Investigations, and she fled off-world, to seek the aid of her underworld contacts and go into hiding. The IOCI suspected that Bnist sought to acquire cybernetic implants in order to enhance her reflexes and the Imperials advised that bounty hunters considering taking on the contract commence their search for Bnist by making inquiries to black market cybernetics surgeons.
Elwis Bontraar was a wealthy Bothan, who lived on Coruscant with his family during the last years of the Galactic Republic. He made his fortune in a number of endeavors, including sponsoring the Galactic Costume Extravaganza, but was known as an information broker who maintained a wide-reaching network of agents to gather data. Shortly after the death of one of his agents, a Cerean named Anoura, Elwis' daughter, Jennalyn Bontraar, was kidnapped by Zascha and held for ransom in Hutt Space. Zascha hoped to exact revenge against Bontraar for his sister Anoura's death. Elwis hired a group of freelance agents—who were trying to recover a data disk from him—to rescue Jennalyn, during the planned exchange aboard the Masquerade. The agents succeeded in rescuing Jennalyn, but Zascha was able to escape alive.
Boulad was a male Cragmoloid who worked as a slicer and information broker. During his hunt for the killer of Senator Padmé Amidala, Captain Typho paid Boulad five thousand credits for information regarding the whereabouts of any Sith at a specific time and planet. He learned that Darth Sidious went to Mustafar the same time Amidala and Anakin Skywalker were there.
Braxas was a male Asogian who worked as an infochant on the planet Solay.Confined to a wheelchair, Braxas was a member of the Asogian species. When the Galactic Empire subjugated Solay, Braxas fled the planet with Luke Skywalker as his pilot. The price to get Luke on his side was to show him the hologram of the final battle of the Solay Civil War, revealing what killed Solay rebel leader Raggold—not an assassin, but suicide.
Brom was a male information broker who worked for the droid manufacturer Cybot Galactica. At some point, he and his partner Bim Gizzo attempted to plant a datacard belonging to their employer's rival, Industrial Automaton, onto a patron at the cantina the Sleeping Rancor. A pair of Industrial Automaton security personnel then arrived looking for the card and a fight ensued. During the fight Brom shot a sleeping Ronto outside the bar, which then when on rampage, causing significant damage to the cantina.
Jorj Car'das was a Human male from Corellia who lived during the time of the Galactic Republic, the Galactic Empire, and the New Republic. Early in his life, Car'das joined the crew of the smuggling ship Bargain Hunter, working mainly as a bootlegger for the Hutts. In 27 BBY, Car'das, Dubrak Qennto, and Maris Ferasi became the captives of Commander Thrawn of the Chiss Expansionary Defense Force. Thrawn wished to learn the language of the Republic from the smugglers; they stayed in his base on Crustai for several weeks, teaching him Basic and learning the Chiss language, Cheunh. Car'das assisted Thrawn in defeating the alien Vagaari, before being allowed to return to the Republic. Car'das eventually parted ways with his companions after being given an offer by Sith agent Kinman Doriana to start a smuggling organization that would double as an intelligence operation for Darth Sidious. Car'das's organization flourished, and he built up a huge repository of information. However, he was kidnapped by a Dark Jedi after the Clone Wars, and although he was rescued by Jedi Master Yoda, Car'das left the encounter a changed man. He became extremely ruthless during the time of the Empire, though his health began to deteriorate; Yoda healed him with the Force initially, though the second time Car'das visited Yoda's planet of residence, Dagobah, the Jedi Master refused to heal him, sending him to the Aing-Tii monks instead. Car'das ultimately spent over a dozen years studying with the Aing-Tii, learning of their views on the Force. He later settled down on the planet Exocron, though in 19 ABY he was approached by smuggler Talon Karrde, who was seeking an intact copy of the Caamas Document in the hopes of ending the crisis. Car'das did not possess a copy, but he was privy to top secret information about Moff Vilim Disra's plot to impersonate Thrawn, which Karrde used to help end the crisis.Early life Born and raised on Corellia during the waning days of the Galactic Republic, Jorj Car'das lived an unremarkable early life. He was well educated, though he rarely traveled and had a limited knowledge of other parts of the galaxy and their native species. By 27 BBY, just a few years after leaving school, Car'das was a navigator aboard the Bargain Hunter, a smuggling ship rented by Captain Dubrak Qennto. The Bargain Hunter had just three crew members—Car'das, Qennto, and Maris Ferasi—though they made a reasonably lucrative trade smuggling firegems and other illicit materials to Hutt gangsters in the Outer Rim Territories. In 27 BBY, the Bargain Hunter was on a smuggling run transporting firegems hidden within stolen furs to Drixo the Hutt. Drixo's rival, Progga, had learned of the operation and launched an attack on the Bargain Hunter on the fringes of the Outer Rim. As navigator, Car'das was forced to make an emergency hyperspace jump, and the ship ended up deep in the Unknown Regions. Qennto was furious at the Corellian for jumping blind, but Ferasi defended Car'das, knowing that he had had no choice. However, they were followed by Progga, who believed that Qennto had a secret treasure hold. Just as the Hutt prepared to shoot them, an unknown group of alien ships—three fighter-size craft and a larger cruiser—arrived, deploying a group of Conner nets that disabled the two ships. The Bargain Hunter was left floating adrift in space for several minutes. When Progga's ship fired on the mysterious vessels, they attacked, destroying the Hutt's ship with ease and instilling some trepidation in Car'das and his companions. Qennto and Ferasi departed the bridge to check the extent of the damage caused by the Conner nets, leaving Car'das alone on the bridge, ready to reply to any communications sent by the attackers. They made no attempt to communicate, however, and Qennto and Ferasi were able to restore the majority of the freighter's systems while the attackers searched Progga's vessel. Eventually, one of the smaller alien ships beckoned for the Bargain Hunter to follow them towards the largest ship, where they docked. Upon exiting their ship, they were escorted by a pair of blue-skinned Humanoids to a being named Mitth'raw'nuruodo, who told them to call him by his core name—Thrawn. After finding a language in which both parties were proficient—Sy Bisti, a local trade language—Thrawn identified himself as the leader of a frontier picket force of the Chiss Ascendancy's Expansionary Fleet. He expressed a particular interest in Car'das, inquiring as to who they were and what their purpose was. Car'das answered mostly truthfully, omitting any mention of the firegems, though Thrawn was suspicious that they were scouts for an invasion attempt and requested to examine their cargo. Qennto, Ferasi, and Car'das were taken to their temporary living quarters while Thrawn's soldiers searched the Bargain Hunter. After being held in their quarters for a time, the smugglers were questioned by Thrawn, who asked about the invasion force he believed would follow them. He asked that Car'das alone answer his questions, much to Qennto's annoyance, as he was the captain. Car'das felt that it would not be wise to lie to the Chiss commander, and so he answered him truthfully, telling him about the illegal firegems they were smuggling. In addition, he revealed that they were Corellian traders, although Thrawn did not know of Corellia. Car'das also managed to convince Thrawn that there was no invasion fleet and that the Republic was unaware of the Chiss. Qennto was extremely irritated by Car'das's honesty, not understanding why the smuggler had revealed so much. Car'das protested that Thrawn seemed to know the details already and that he had an aura of one who should not be lied to. Thrawn requested that the smugglers stay with him for a time, telling them that they would be provided with the means to compensate Drixo for their late delivery of the firegems. The Chiss commander wished to learn more about the Republic—and the Jedi Order, as he had not heard of the Jedi before—as well as the Republic language, Basic. Car'das was initially apprehensive, knowing that Qennto would never agree to it, though Thrawn offered to pay them handsomely for their tuition. Eventually, Car'das agreed, though only on the condition that Thrawn teach him Cheunh, the language of the Chiss, in return. Thrawn's ship, the Springhawk, took three days to reach his base on Crustai—they began their language lessons en route. Ferasi took a liking to Thrawn, so she joined in the lessons, though Qennto wished to have no part in it. By the time they reached Crustai, Car'das had made decent progress at basic Cheunh, though Thrawn showed an aptitude for learning Basic, surpassing Car'das and Ferasi's progress with his language. They eventually arrived in Crustai's star system, though before they could dock at the asteroid base, Thrawn's crew reported hostile vessels in the vicinity of the base. They entered hyperspace, exiting several minutes later at the scene of a small skirmish between several starships. Thrawn informed them that the attackers were Vagaari, a merciless species of slavers whom he wished to wipe out. The Springhawk destroyed the smaller enemy ships with ease, though Thrawn decided to board the largest of the Vagaari vessels. Thrawn apologized to his guests for taking them into combat, telling them that he could not pass up the opportunity for a strike at the Vagaari, before leaving them on the bridge while he joined the boarding party. After the Vagaari had been neutralized, Thrawn invited Car'das, Ferasi, and Qennto to join him on the alien ship, showing them around. Walking through the ship filled with dead Vagaari made Car'das feel uneasy, though he eventually overcame this. Thrawn eventually showed them a room filled with treasure plundered by the Vagaari; he promised Qennto that the three smugglers would be allowed to keep some of it after he had examined the ship further. They eventually arrived at Thrawn's underground base on Crustai, where Thrawn had a visitor waiting for him—Aristocra Chaf'orm'bintrano, who had matters to discuss with Thrawn. Thrawn permitted the Humans to attend the official welcoming ceremony, though Thrawn's visitors were displeased by the Humans' presence, dismissing them. Car'das and his companions were each escorted to comfortable living quarters, where they spent several hours waiting for Thrawn's visitors to leave. Eventually, Thrawn summoned Car'das to his quarters and apologized for the rudeness displayed by the visiting Chiss. Thrawn discussed with Car'das the concept of preemptive strikes, which were strictly forbidden in Chiss military doctrine. Thrawn saw the Vagaari as a great threat, though because they had never encroached on Chiss territory, his superiors would not allow him to attack them. Thrawn decided that learning the origins and value of the Vagaari's treasure might help sway the Chiss Ruling Families on the matter, and Car'das, Qennto, and Ferasi began examining the hoard. For several weeks, Qennto spent much of his time cataloging and appraising the treasure for Thrawn, while Car'das and Ferasi continued with their linguistics lessons. Thrawn kept Ferasi and Qennto under constant surveillance, though Car'das was allowed unhindered freedom of movement around the Crustai base at all times. Thrawn had yet more visitors some time later: Admiral Ar'alani and his own brother, Mitth'ras'safis (or Thrass), who both wished to further examine the Vagaari ship. Thrawn had Car'das and Ferasi accompany him onto the vessel with his superiors. There, he showed the admiral around the ship, pointing out the technical aspects of it. However, trouble arose when the group entered the treasure room, where Qennto was looking over the plundered Vagaari wealth; Thrawn was forced to reveal the agreement he had made with the smugglers to his fellow Chiss, which he had not intended to do. Ar'alani was not happy when she learned of the agreement and insisted that she be allowed to take an inventory. Thrawn agreed and then told the admiral that he had "administrative matters" to attend to, taking Car'das and Ferasi with him as he left the ship. Once away from Ar'alani, Thrawn revealed that there was another Vagaari fleet engaged in a battle not far away. Car'das realized that Thrawn had played the admiral, manipulating her to allow him to leave so he could head to the battle without attracting attention. Thrawn boarded the Springhawk along with Ferasi and Car'das, and the ship jumped into hyperspace. At the battle site, Car'das was shocked to see hundreds of Vagaari vessels, a far cry from the handful he was expecting. He suggested to Thrawn that the ship retreat, although the commander explained that he had a plan for the battle. Ferasi, as usual, was confident in Thrawn's abilities. Thrawn pointed out to the duo that the helpless ships being attacked by the Vagaari were not jumping to hyperspace. The commander deduced that the Vagaari were using an interdiction field, a form of technology that neither the Chiss nor the Republic had managed to successfully create; it generated a gravitic mass of its own, barring all ships within its range from entering hyperspace. Realizing that such technology would allow him a huge advantage in battle—against the Vagaari and others—Thrawn had a team of Chiss covertly commandeer the ship, hoping that the Vagaari were too busy attacking the hapless world to notice. However, several of the Vagaari warships spotted the Springhawk on the edge of the system and moved closer to investigate. As Thrawn prepared to attack the approaching Vagaari forces, the group noticed that the alien ships were covered in "bubbles"—cells that held prisoners to prevent attackers from firing on innocent victims. Thrawn remained calm and ordered the gunners to fire, telling the two that the Vagaari would eventually kill the prisoners anyway. Though Car'das accepted this explanation, Ferasi was shaken and angered by Thrawn's decision. During the battle, the Springhawk was hit by turbolaser fire, shaking the bridge and injuring Thrawn. The two smugglers were closest to the commander, and with quick thinking Ferasi was able to cover Thrawn's wound, enabling him to survive until Chiss medics reached him. Thrawn thanked the duo for their aid and told them that he hoped this incident would provoke the Chiss Ascendancy into attacking the Vagaari. His efforts to steal the interdiction field had been successful, and although Thrawn revealed this to Car'das, he kept it secret from the Chiss. When the ship returned to the asteroid base, they were met by an irate Qennto, who informed his fellow smugglers that Admiral Ar'alani had confiscated the treasure. Car'das and Ferasi attempted to calm him, but to little avail, until they decided to talk to Thrawn. Qennto was confined to quarters, so only Car'das and Ferasi went. They arrived at Thrawn's room at the same time as his brother, Thrass, who wanted to speak to Thrawn about the commander's unorthodox behavior. He considered some of Thrawn's methods contrary to Chiss belief, such as his boldness and his treatment of the smugglers—as friends, not as prisoners. Thrass felt this would ultimately do him more harm than good. The two siblings eventually put their philosophical agreements aside, and despite staunch protests by Qennto, Car'das gave Thrawn and Thrass a tour of the Bargain Hunter, which utilized much technology unknown to the Chiss. Car'das's dialog was mostly in Cheunh, so he had to provide a translation to Qennto, who had accompanied them to ensure the Chiss didn't damage his beloved ship. Qennto overheard a mention of Thrawn's private chats with Ferasi and, suspecting that his lover had fallen for the alien, took his fellow smugglers aside to confront them about it. They were eventually able to dissuade Qennto, though the captain maintained that Thrawn should not be trusted. Eventually, Thrass and Ar'alani departed, though the smugglers were told that they would have to wait some time—possibly months—until the Chiss bureaucracy decided they were allowed to keep some of the profit. Thrawn woke Car'das in the middle of the night some time later to inform him of yet another encroachment by unknown enemies on his territory. The Chiss did not believe it was the Vagaari, for the ship design was entirely different, but suspected that it might be an attack from another force. Car'das accompanied Thrawn—without Ferasi or Qennto—along with a sizable force of a dozen CEDF vessels, including the Springhawk, to the system where the unknown ships had been first spotted. When they arrived, Car'das was able to identify the ships as belonging to the Trade Federation, a commerce guild run mostly by Neimoidians. Car'das was unable to identify the ships' purpose, although Thrawn doubted it would bode well for the Chiss. He contacted the lead ship, a Lucrehulk-class battleship called the Darkvenge, and held a short discussion with a "Commander Stratis," who insisted that his mission was confidential. However, when the Neimoidian commander Kav cut off communications and launched droid starfighters, Thrawn prepared for battle. Though the Chiss forces was just three small cruisers and nine fighters, Thrawn won the battle without losing a man, a testament to his command abilities. Thrawn was able to cut off the droid starfighters from their commands, leaving the Trade Federation cruisers helpless. He was also able to destroy several Hardcell-class interstellar transports as well, stunning the enemy forces. When the lone remaining ship, the Darkvenge, attempted to flee to hyperspace, it was thwarted due to Thrawn's gravity projector. Helpless, the Darkvenge surrendered. Car'das was amazed by this display and awed by Thrawn's skills. Thrawn and Car'das then boarded the Darkvenge, where they were greeted by Stratis and Kav on the bridge. Though Kav threatened the two with a destroyer droid, Thrawn remained calm, staring down Kav until he ordered the droid to deactivate itself. Thrawn demanded he be told of the enemy fleet's intention, even claiming Car'das was a spy he had taken prisoner. Stratis agreed to tell Thrawn of his purpose and began explaining about the Outbound Flight Project, a mission to explore space beyond the galaxy. The ship contained thousands of passengers and several Jedi, and the Trade Federation task force had been sent to destroy it; he said that the Jedi would enslave the Chiss people and implied that Thrawn should himself destroy it. After hearing this, Thrawn announced that the ship would be confiscated and left, deep in thought. Thrawn had Car'das study readouts and blueprints of the Trade Federation vessel so that he could get an impression of the ship's capabilities. Although the Human complied, he was troubled and annoyed by Thrawn's accusation. However, when Car'das and Thrawn next spoke, the Chiss informed him that he did not suspect him of being a spy and had merely accused him to gain more information from Stratis. Thrawn had another reason for the accusation: if the other Chiss thought that Thrawn believed the Humans to be spies, it would give him a plausible reason for keeping them in Chiss space. Thrawn told Car'das that his own brother, Thrass, had been providing Ar'alani with reports of Thrawn's activities on Crustai and that the admiral was growing more and more suspicious of him. Thrawn eventually left, though Car'das was still unsure of the Commander's true thoughts and motivations. Car'das knew that he, Ferasi, and Qennto had overstayed their welcome and that they would have to find a way to leave as soon as they could. Thrawn revealed to Car'das that Kav and Stratis wanted him to destroy Outbound Flight. When Car'das informed Ferasi and Qennto of this revelation, Qennto was indifferent and began discussing ways they could leave the Chiss with their cut of the Vagaari treasure. Car'das eventually went to speak with Thrawn, although he encountered Thrass. Thrass took Car'das to Admiral Ar'alani, who began questioning him about the latest incident involving the Trade Federation vessels. Ar'alani then ordered Car'das to lead them to the battle site, which he reluctantly agreed to, perceiving that he had no other choice. While Car'das and Ar'alani were traveling to the battle site, Thrawn had met Stratis aboard the bridge of the Darkvenge, seeking answers. He knew that Stratis was not the man's real name and also suspected that he had another reason for the destruction of Outbound Flight besides the death of the Jedi. Stratis informed Thrawn of his real identity: Kinman Doriana, assistant to Supreme Chancellor Palpatine and secretly an agent of Darth Sidious, Dark Lord of the Sith. Though even Doriana was unaware of it, Sidious was in fact Palpatine, and he was working to achieve complete control of the galaxy. Doriana also told Thrawn why he sought to destroy Outbound Flight—a mysterious group of beings he called Far-Outsiders lurked near the edge of the galaxy. Doriana claimed they posed a great threat to the galaxy and that they could not be allowed to capture Outbound Flight. After telling him this, Doriana introduced Thrawn to his master, Sidious, through use of a holoprojector, in an attempt to stress the urgency to the Chiss commander. Sidious spoke to Thrawn, with both questioning each other. Thrawn ultimately agreed to destroy Outbound Flight, although he requested the use of six droid starfighters, something Doriana begrudgingly agreed to. Back at the battle site, Ar'alani was examining the wreckage with Thrass and Car'das, who was relieved to discover that the Darkvenge was not there. Ar'alani discussed the possibility of trying Thrawn for his unprovoked attacks. Car'das was worried for his friend, although he also remembered that he had reason to worry about himself and the other smugglers. As such, he broached the question of when he—and Qennto and Ferasi—would be allowed to claim their treasure and leave. The two Chiss told Car'das it would depend on Thrawn and whether or not he would be tried. Car'das, knowing it would likely take months, relented on that issue. However, he was surprised at Thrass's willingness to condemn his own brother and began questioning him about it. Thrass and Ar'alani defended the Chiss policies, forcing Car'das to drop the issue. Car'das then traveled back to the Chiss base, where he would spend the next few days. Qennto and Ferasi were growing desperate to leave, and Car'das too was tired of the situation. One afternoon, opportunity presented itself for Car'das to escape. After Thrawn accused him of being a traitor in front of Ar'alani, the admiral confined him to quarters. Around this time, Thrawn approached Car'das and asked him to steal a shuttle and incite the Vagaari into attacking; Thrawn had a plan that would take out both the Vagaari and Outbound Flight in one stroke. Feeling it was his and his friends' only option if they wished for Thrawn to allow them to return to the Republic, Car'das begrudgingly agreed. He stole a shuttle and piloted it to the site of a Vagaari battle, where he found the Vagaari fleet. Car'das surrendered to the aliens and was taken prisoner aboard one of their massive motherships. Once on the Vagaari ship, Car'das was searched and placed in a cell, where he waited for several hours. Eventually, a Vagaari guard arrived to bring him somewhere—an interrogation room, Car'das assumed. He was thus surprised when the guard led him to a throne room, where a large Vagaari sat on a throne. Car'das attempted to speak to the Miskara (their leader) in Minnisiat, but was punched by a guard, who ordered him not to speak unless told to. After a tense moment, the overlord began to question Car'das. Car'das informed him of the smugglers' situation with the Chiss, claiming they were prisoners. Car'das told the Miskara that he had the coordinates to the secret Chiss base and would give them to the Vagaari if they wished to strike back at the Chiss, allowing Car'das and his friends to flee on the Bargain Hunter. However, the Miskara rejected the deal, seeing it as foolish as the Vagaari would gain nothing except a chance for revenge. Seemingly out of options, Car'das was surprised when several Vagaari brought in a group of deactivated B1-Series battle droids and droidekas. Like the Chiss, the Vagaari had no experience with droids, so Car'das explained to the Miskara what they were. He showed the overlord how to command the droids, programming them so they would only answer to the Vagaari ruler. To test the droids, the Vagaari brought in several of their Geroon slaves, whom the droids swiftly executed. Hoping to gain more of these mechanical servants, the Miskara decided to attack the Chiss base. However, Car'das was to be imprisoned in the ship's forward prisoner bubble, where he could very easily be killed in battle. Back on the Darkvenge, Thrawn was waiting for Outbound Flight, which appeared suddenly when he used the gravity projector to pull it out of hyperspace. Thrawn spoke to the Jedi in charge, Jorus C'baoth, and agreed to come to Outbound Flight to speak with C'baoth. Thrawn warned C'baoth of a group of unknown invaders occupying parts of the Unknown Regions and insisted he turn the ship around. Stubbornly, C'baoth refused, ordering Thrawn to move out of the way. When Thrawn replied that he could not, C'baoth ended the conversation with a threat, claiming the Jedi aboard would destroy Thrawn's forces. Thrawn headed back to the command vessel, where he prepared for battle. The entire Vagaari fleet set a course for Thrawn's base on Crustai, though they were pulled out of hyperspace early by Thrawn's stolen interdiction field; the Chiss commander had used it to gather all his enemies together. The Vagaari, furious at what they believed was betrayal, questioned Car'das angrily, though when they noticed the Outbound Flight—which contained hordes of battle droids—their fury subsided. As the Jedi and civilians aboard the Outbound Flight were not fluent in the trade language Car'das used to communicate with his captors, the Human was forced to act as a translator between the Vagaari and Outbound Flight, relaying the aliens' message for Outbound Flight to either surrender or be destroyed. The Jedi did not respond, and eventually the Miskara decided the time for discussion was over: the Vagaari would plunder their droids immediately. However, before they could put their plan into action, the aliens were all affected by Jedi Force powers, confusing their minds and leaving them unable to speak aside from nonsensical babbling. Car'das firmly believed he would die in the ship, and either Thrawn or those from the Republic would attack the helpless Vagaari fleet. It didn't take the firepower of either force to kill off the aliens, though; Thrawn had secretly reconfigured the battle droids to fire on them. Most of the Vagaari on the bridge were gunned down, leaving them in even further disarray, completely defenseless against Thrawn's wave after wave of Trade Federation starfighters. Car'das's life was saved, as the Chiss had programmed the vessels not to shoot the prison bubbles. The starfighters had the Vagaari almost entirely defeated when they suddenly changed course and attacked Outbound Flight, severely damaging it. Three hours after the battle had ended, the Chiss boarded Car'das's ship and rescued him. Car'das was horrified at the brutality of the attack on the Outbound Flight, though Thrawn and Stratis explained that it was necessary: Jorus C'baoth had been using the Force to strangle Thrawn aboard the Springhawk. It was believed that all aboard the Republic ship had perished. Car'das and Thrawn went to speak with Ar'alani, who had been in cahoots with Thrawn all along; though she could not actively participate in the commander's plan, she had turned a blind eye so that the Vagaari could be brought to justice. After this deception was revealed, Car'das spoke with Thrass, who was angry with his brother. Car'das defended his friend's actions, although Thrass was reluctant to listen. Thrass informed Car'das that Formbi intended to arrest Thrawn. Though not willing to forgive him, Thrass was worried about Thrawn, so he joined Car'das in searching for him on Outbound Flight along with the admiral. When they found him, the two notified Thrawn that Formbi was on his way. Thrawn's biggest concern, however, was not himself, but the fate of Outbound Flight. He knew Formbi would claim it for himself, giving the Fifth Family considerable prestige. Thrawn agreed to go onboard the Aristocra's ship after being ordered to do so by Ar'alani—herself under orders from Formbi. Car'das and Thrass stayed onboard, although Car'das was ready to leave upon learning of Thrass's intent to destroy the vessel. The Chiss and the smuggler encountered the lone surviving Jedi, Lorana Jinzler, who told them that people had survived, therefore making it impossible to destroy Outbound Flight, as they knew the Chiss could not kill innocent beings. After considering all options, Thrass and Jinzler decided to fly the ship into the Redoubt, a stellar cluster in which they hoped to hide. Car'das evacuated before they began, flying back to Formbi's ship. On the bridge of the Chaf Exalted, Formbi was interrupted from the questioning of Thrawn when Outbound Flight suddenly vanished, gone into hyperspace. Formbi was furious, although he was unable to do anything. In the Redoubt, Thrass and Jinzler found that the survivors were in the area of the ship opposite them, and it was necessary to crash-land the ship on their own section, an act that would kill them. However, the two realized it was necessary, as they felt they could not let the remaining 57 die, so the two sacrificed themselves to save the others. Shortly after this, Thrawn informed Car'das that Doriana had offered the Human a job as head of an intelligence network for Darth Sidious, while fronting as a smuggler. Car'das accepted and said goodbye to Ferasi and Qennto. By the outbreak of the Clone Wars, several years after he had accepted Doriana's offer, Car'das had acquired a reputation as an up-and-coming smuggler. Although his organization was small compared to what the Hutts had, it grew steadily: for instance, he took control of Booster Terrik's operation when Terrik was sent to prison on Kessel by Hal Horn. When the galaxy became embroiled in the conflict between the Republic and the Confederacy of Independent Systems in 22 BBY, hordes of smugglers used the galaxy's suffering to their advantage in the hopes of making large sums of money; Car'das was among them, and he and his organization lucratively smuggled both contraband and necessities to war-torn worlds. Sometime after the end of the Clone Wars, Car'das was smuggling in the Bpfassh system when he was inadvertently caught in the middle of a large battle between a group of rogue Bpfasshi Dark Jedi and the combined forces of the rest of the Sluis sector. While Car'das's ship was on the surface of one of the planets in the system, one of the Dark Jedi arrived and commandeered the vessel with Car'das and his four other crew members, demanding that they grant him passage out of the system. The Dark Jedi—who Car'das suspected was insane—went into a furious frenzy, torturing and later killing all aboard the ship except for Car'das, whom he left mostly alone. Car'das was, for one of the first times in his life, genuinely frightened, and he thought of plan after plan for escape as they dodged enemy ships and escaped the system, each more futile than the last. Eventually, the Dark Jedi had Car'das set down on Dagobah—a remote swamp world. The Bpfasshi expected them to be alone on the planet, though they were not; Yoda, exiled Grand Master of the Jedi Order, was waiting for them, and for over a day Yoda and the Dark Jedi engaged in a frenzied battle that horrified Car'das. Eventually, Yoda was able to defeat the Dark Jedi, though Car'das was left badly injured by his experiences with the darksider. Yoda took it upon himself to nurse the Human back to health with the Force, until Car'das was eventually able to repair his ship and leave the planet. However, Car'das was changed by the encounter. He perceived that a tiny amount of Yoda's power had transferred to him during the healing process; not enough to allow him to physically use the Force, but enough that he was able to out-think his opponents. Car'das was able to guess his competitors' strategies and plans and stop them; he eventually realized that there was no limit to what he could do and began absorbing his competitors one by one. Car'das's organization boomed, and he became a wealthy man. However, his personality had also been changed by his encounter with Yoda, and he became a ruthless, merciless man, not unlike Jabba Desilijic Tiure. It was during this time that Car'das also began amassing a huge library of datacards, storing enough information to rival the galaxy's greatest libraries. By that time, Car'das' organization rivaled even that of the Hutts. Then, one day around 0 BBY, Car'das boarded into his private yacht and disappeared. His health finally started to fail, and the new life he had been given by Yoda evaporated. Car'das traveled to Dagobah to demand that Yoda put everything right. Yoda simply took his blaster and the beckon call from his ship and flung them into the swamp, then berated Car'das for wasting the gift he had been given on his selfish ambitions. He also told Car'das that he wouldn't help him any further, since he had to conserve his time and energy for training Luke Skywalker, who he expected to arrive on Dagobah very shortly. Car'das realized his actions had been abominable, and he was consumed with shame. He knew he couldn't return to his group, so he fled. Yoda had indicated he might receive help from the Aing-Tii monks, an alien species who had mastered the Force in ways unknown to either the Jedi or the Sith. Before heading for the Aing-Tii's known territory, in the Kathol sector, Car'das received a call for assistance from his old acquaintance, Thrawn, now a Senior Captain with the Imperial Navy. Thrawn needed to temporarily leave behind the majority of his forces in the Unknown Regions and travel quickly to Poln Major in Candoras sector, knowing that Nuso Esva, his longtime adversary, was planning an attack there. Though he agreed, feeling it was perhaps his last chance to do something worthwhile, Car'das nevertheless was both confused and somewhat resentful of Thrawn's choice. After all, he complained to Thrawn, why call on him when Thrawn could pilot a starship equally well himself, and could call on any number of persons within the Empire for aid? Thrawn's answer surprised him: that of all the beings in the galaxy, Car'das was the only one left whom Thrawn believed he could trust. When Thrawn successfully chased Esva out of Candoras sector, he had to immediately rejoin his forces in the Unknown Regions to continue the pursuit. As a last favor, he asked that Car'das put off his journey to Kathol sector just long enough to visit Wroona, where Thrawn believed Esva's forces were holding hostages, including the family of Esva's doomed pilot, Sorro. Thrawn pointed out that Car'das, was the only one of his associates with both the equipment and the underworld contacts necessary to free them. Car'das, recognizing the call to a worthy endeavor, agreed to go. After completing his service for Thrawn, Car'das made his way to the planet Exocron in the farthest reaches of the Kathol sector in Wild Space. The Aing-Tii were able to heal Car'das with ease, though they wished for him to stay with them to learn about their philosophies of the Force. Car'das agreed, and although he was given permission to return to the wider galaxy after a time, he decided to stay with the Aing-Tii for almost a dozen years. Although he was not Force-sensitive, Car'das was able to manipulate the Force after his time with the Aing-Tii; he could make an object instantly transport itself from one location to another. He learned much about the aliens, keeping notes and journals. In return for healing and teaching him, the Aing-Tii used him to help them collect artifacts scattered throughout the sector they believed belonged to their gods. Eventually, Car'das left the Aing-Tii and took up permanent residence on planet Exocron, where he built a secret home in the side of a mountain. Here, he gathered all his information sources and created a personal library with secrets even the New Republic knew nothing of. Car'das's errands were taken care of by his loyal assistant, Entoo Needaan E-elz, while all housework and maintenance was performed by droids. He also remained in contact with the Aing-Tii, who were happy to come to his aid whenever Exocron fell under attack by slavers. Car'das's organization continued to thrive for several months, but the lieutenants began to discuss the need for a true leader. Rather than put it to a vote, Talon Karrde—one of Car'das's most trusted subordinates—simply took control of the organization. The other leaders weren't happy, but the new operation flourished for the next twenty years. Karrde, however, was ever fearful of Car'das and was constantly prepared for his return. Karrde believed that Car'das would seek vengeance for Karrde's taking over of the organization and thwarted several attempts at his life by other members of the group, who claimed they had been sent by Car'das. Eventually, after the death of Grand Admiral Thrawn, Karrde sent Lando Calrissian and Mara Jade to search for Car'das, a search that took seven years and ended up successfully pinpointing Car'das' location on Exocron. The lone clue was a beckon call Luke Skywalker had recovered on Dagobah. With Car'das within arm's reach, however, Karrde decided to give up the chase, unsure of what Car'das's reaction would be. The old Corellian was actually eagerly awaiting Karrde's arrival; he wanted to congratulate him on how well the organization had progressed under his leadership.Later, Lando thought that Car'das held information that could help the New Republic defuse the Caamas Document Crisis, a situation where Bothans had been revealed as the guilty parties in the destruction of Caamas years earlier. Tensions where high, with many groups demanding the Bothans be punished. However, despite Lando's hopes, Karrde refused to bring Car'das into it. As the crisis unfolded, Karrde finally realized that he had to confront Car'das; if not to confront his own fears, then to recover a copy of the Caamas Document. Car'das played an elaborate ruse on him, first appearing as a withered old man bed-ridden on the planet Exocron. Karrde was surprised at the other man's advanced age. However, Car'das had been planning this for some time—ever since he learned of Calrissian and Jade's search. Car'das used Karrde's desire to locate him as a way to draw the crimelord Rei'Kas to Exocron and near the Kathol Rift. Car'das and Admiral Trey David of Exocron's Navy knew Exocron couldn't stand against Rei'Kas's fleet, but they also knew that the Aing-Tii monks wanted to eliminate Rei'Kas. By allowing Karrde to get to Exocron, Car'das and David also gave Exocron's location to Rei'Kas. However, Rei'Kas' fleet was destroyed by the Aing-Tii monks when it tried to attack Exocron. This maneuvering was nearly transparent to Karrde, who realized that Car'das was more than a frail old man. He returned to Exocron and confronted Car'das again, who was no longer an aged man but a healthy man nowhere near death. He also revealed the true size of his fortress, with its immense library of datacards. Car'das allowed Karrde and his bodyguard Shada D'ukal to spend the night at his fortress. That night, D'ukal slipped from her room and headed to Car'das' massive library, hoping to find a record that would identify the faction that had destroyed her people's homeworld, Emberlene. Instead, she encountered Car'das, who informed her that her world had been destroyed by a mercenary force, hired by the other peoples of the sector, who had been victimized by Emberlene's war of conquest - about which Shada and the rest of the Mistryl had deliberately never been told. Car'das offered her a choice between two data cards: one that would identify the destroyers of her world, or another that could end the Caamas Document Crisis and prevent civil war within the entire New Republic. She chose the latter, conscious that by doing so she was giving up her last chance to be reinstated within the Mistryl, from which she had been expelled. Pleased with her choice, Car'das promised her that she would find her place in the galaxy. Though Car'das was unable to locate a copy of the Caamas Document, he was able to dig up a wealth of information on Grodin Tierce, Moff Vilim Disra, and the conman Flim, the members of the Sinister Triumvirate who were leading the Empire in its last-ditch effort to defeat the New Republic. Karrde and D'ukal brought this information back to Admiral Gilad Pellaeon, after saying their goodbyes to Car'das. The information he gave them, along with information possessed by Pellaeon, helped end the crisis and pave the way for the peace treaty that ended the decades-long Galactic Civil War.Car'das vanished from the galactic scene for several years, before Dean Jinzler, the brother of Lorana Jinzler and a mechanic acting as a New Republic diplomat, revealed that he had received word of Voss Parck's mission to locate the remains of the Outbound Flight Project from Car'das himself in 22 ABY. Car'das then made sure Jinzler arrived, going so far as to trail Jinzler and help repair his ship in the Flacharia system. Jinzler told Luke Skywalker that Car'das was only trying to fulfill a promise he'd made years ago, the promise to Lorana Jinzler that he find her brother. Car'das then accompanied Jinzler aboard the Chaf Envoy when Aristocra Formbi greeted them, speaking to Car'das in private. Following this incident, Car'das vanished from the galactic scene. In 43 ABY, the Jedi Luke and Ben Skywalker searched for the Aing-Tii, hoping to learn Force techniques such as Flow-walking from them. They eventually made their way to the Aing-Tii homeworld, where they stayed in an old cabin that Car'das had lived in when he had stayed with the Aing-Tii, and read journals he had written about the mysterious alien species. They also discovered that Car'das had helped the Aing-Tii create a translation device by allowing the monks to use his voice for the machine's Basic. Jorj Car'das was, for most of his life, a kind man. Unlike his partner Qennto, he was not ruthless during the early part of his smuggling career. Car'das disliked excessive violence and was saddened by the destruction of Outbound Flight. He also hated slavery and found the Vagaari and their beliefs disgusting, especially their use of living shields. However, he was not quite as moral as his smuggling partner Maris Ferasi. When Car'das received his gifts from Yoda, he changed, however, growing to become a cutthroat competitor. He was determined to get what he wanted, while forgetting his earlier beliefs. Yoda was sickened by this, and so stripped Car'das of his talents. Car'das realized the error of his ways then and once again changed, this time becoming the kind man he had once been.
Cid was a Trandoshan female residing on Ord Mantell, where she ran a cantina called Cid's Parlor. Before Order 66, she served as an informant for the Jedi, and it was in that capacity that the ARC trooper Echo learned her name and where to find her. After Clone Force 99 defected from the Galactic Empire, they visited Cid to learn the identity of Fennec Shand, a bounty hunter who had accosted them on Pantora and attempted to kidnap the child clone Omega. In order to pay for the information, Cid had the Bad Batch rescue Muchi, a young rancor stolen by Zygerrian slavers. After the successful job, Cid paid Hunter thirty percent of the profits and revealed that Shand was an up-and-coming bounty hunter, whom Cid's sources in the Bounty Hunters' Guild stated had been hired for the job on direct commission.During the Clone WarsCid, a Trandoshan female, worked as an information broker in the last years of the Republic Era. She operated out of Cid's Parlor, a cantina and gambling den in Ord Mantell City which she owned. Cid developed a working relationship with the Jedi during this time, occasionally passing them information. During the Clone Wars, the ARC trooper Echo learned of Cid and where to find her from his Jedi commanding officers, although he was unaware of her species or gender.In 19 BBY, the Clone Wars ended with the near-eradication of the Jedi Order, as a result losing Cid an important portion of her business. In order to protect herself amidst the rise of the new Galactic Empire, Cid concealed her past connections to the Jedi. Shortly after the formation of the Empire, a group of clone commandos known as the Bad Batch, who had recently defected from the new government, had a run-in with a bounty hunter who was targeting Omega, a member of their group. Echo, who had joined the squad's ranks, suggested that they track down Cid, who he assumed to be male, as she was the only one of the Jedi informants he knew of that he also knew how to find. Believing Cid could identify the bounty hunter and possibly her employer, the Batch duly travelled to Ord Mantell, heading through the streets of Ord Mantell City to Cid's cantina. Cid had recently been approached by Bib Fortuna, the majordomo of Jabba Desilijic Tiure, about locating and retrieving Muchi, a young female rancor stolen from Jabba by Zygerrian slavers. The thieves, led by Raney, had holed up in the ruins of Old Ord Mantell City. When the Batch arrived at Cid's Parlor, Echo admitted that he did not actually know who Cid was as he had never met her. Cid was working on one of the slot machines in her establishment, and Hunter approached her and asked her if she knew who Cid was. She denied it, before moving to the bar and sitting down. The Batch discussed amongst themselves what to do next, while Cid watched, as the only other people present were a Weequay and Ithorian arguing over a dejarik game. Tech, remarking on the state of the bar, suggested that "he" might have been arrested for violating health code regulations. Omega watched Cid while poking at a holotable, before approaching her and suggesting that she was Cid. The Trandoshan wryly remarked on Omega being more observant than her friends. Omega used her comlink to get the others' attention, telling them who Cid was.The Batch continued working for Cid, pulling a job on Corellia, which ended in the failure to retrieve a tactical droid head. After successfully bringing Cid a creature named Ruby, the group would undertake a mission of their own before returning to Cid, aware of their debt to her. Cid offered the group a job to rescue Senator Avi Singh from Imperial prison on Raxus Secundus. Hunter initially refused the mission, and when Cid reminded him of their debt to her, Hunter told her he would not bring Omega to an Imperial-occupied planet, to which Cid responded that he should leave the child in her care. Hunter said that he did not exactly trust Cid, to which Cid laughed and agreed. In the end, the group left Omega behind with Cid while they went on the mission, and Cid set Omega to work cleaning. As Omega sulked throughout the parlor, disappointed she had been left behind, Cid eventually approached to ask what was troubling her. When Omega complained, Cid scoffed and told her that life was not fair. Later, Cid played a dejarik game against two of her frequent patrons, Ketch and Bolo. Omega offered her advice on a move, but Cid rolled her eyes and ignored her. However, when her move got her into trouble, she asked Omega what she would do, and when she played that move, she quickly won the game. Surprised that the youngster was skilled at dejarik, she asked if she was good enough to make her any money. Offering her thirty percent, Cid was surprised to see Omega negotiate her way to sixty percent. The pair won enough games to make up the Bad Batch's debt, and although Hunter was not pleased upon returning from their mission that Omega had drawn so much attention to herself, Cid was delighted and told the clone to lighten up.After finishing a mission, the Bad Batch returned to Cid's Parlor, and they found it packed with customers. Among the customers were several armored figures. They were promptly escorted to Cid´s office. They met a Devaronian named Roland Durand, who had seized Cid's Parlor. Cid met them at the Havoc Marauder and devised a plan to take the Parlor back. It involved stealing a shipment of spice from Durand to agitate the Pyke Syndicate. Cid led the Bad Batch to a manhole that led to Ord Mantell's old mining tunnels. Cid warned that the caverns had an infestation problem and that they should keep quiet. While passing through the tunnel, Wrecker stirred the mysterious creatures, prompting a disapproving glance from Cid. Meanwhile, Ketch and Bolo distracted Durand by stealing his prized lizard Ruby. Cid and Omega loaded the spice onto the mining transports as Wrecker brought them down. Just as Durand entered the office, the crew ducked into the tunnels to make their escape. As they fled through the tunnels, Durand's goons pursued them. Their blaster fight aroused the Irlings, who swarmed the carts. Cid was upset when the Irlings destroyed the spice on the second cart. They made it safely on the other side of the cavern, and Wrecker sealed the door behind them. The crew returned to the Parlor, where they witnessed the Pykes arresting Durand. However, the Pykes demanded that Cid return the stolen spice and held Omega captive while the Bad Batch retrieved the spice shipment. Cid promised she would do everything she could to rescue Omega. The Havoc Marauder hovered over the chasm and Wrecker and Cid rappelled beneath the surface to locate the missing spice. Cid began securing crates of spice for Hunter to tow up. With the final two crates secure, Cid and Wrecker rode them as Hunter pulled them to the surface. Ascending past the mining rail, Cid and her crate bumped a lonely cart, sending it tumbling into the depths of the hive. Once again, the Irlings swarmed the cavern. Tech dropped a flash grenade down the chasm and frightened the swarm. Cid and Wrecker continued their journey safely to the ship. Cid and the Bad Batch delivered the shipment to the Pykes, who returned Omega, according to their word. Durand faced death, but was spared when Omega and Cid reasoned with the Pykes, warning them against a potential war with Isa Durand. One of Durand's horns was sliced and the Pykes exited the hangar. In return for saving his life, Durand restored the Parlor to Cid's ownership. Thankful for the Bad Batch's assistance, Cid bought the crew a treat on the house.After the Bad Batch rescued clone trooper Gregor from an Imperial base on Daro, Cid reluctantly agreed to care for him. Cid was a female Trandoshan with green skin and golden eyes. Short and portly in stature, Cid was shrewd at her job. She had a wide array of contacts, ranging from Jedi to powerful crime lords, and did not act intimidated by any of them. She was willing to be deceptive to get what she wanted, such as telling the Bad Batch that the juvenile rancor Muchi was a child in danger. Cid had a no-nonsense attitude. She quickly formed nicknames for the members of the Bad Batch, referring to Tech as "Goggles," Hunter as "Bandana," Omega as "Tiny," and Wrecker as "Muscles." Cid had a soft spot for Omega. She was always opportunistic, and upon realizing she was very skilled at dejarik, partnered with her to make some money and gained a newfound respect for her. Cid was a strong and skilled individual, displaying mastery of a Zygerrian energy bow when she fired three very accurate shots to demonstrate to Omega how to operate the weapon.
ConJob was a Human male infochant and florist who plied his trade on Tanquilla Beach, a shadowport in the Kathol sector of the Outer Rim Territories. Previously a resident of the planet Siluria III, ConJob lost his family during an Imperial attack upon the population. Relocating to Tanquilla Beach, ConJob operated as both a flower merchant and information broker, carving both into successful businesses. Well known on the shadowport, ConJob was aware of nearly everything that occurred on the space station, and was the main source of information on events happening in the Kathol sector. In 8 ABY, he met Captain Kaiya Adrimetrum, commanding officer of the New Republic CR90 corvette FarStar. Recognizing her as a former resistance leader on Siluria III who had fought back against the Empire, he assisted her in obtaining help from his friend, the engineer Spang, to repair the hyperdrive engines of her vessel.Siluria IIIConJob, a Human male, lived on the planet Siluria III during the Galactic Civil War with his family, and worked as a media director. The planet's Imperial Governor, Quannith, treated the population brutally during the Empire's occupation, and ConJob's family was killed during a reprisal attack on the population. Leaving Siluria III, ConJob eventually settled on Tanquilla Beach, a shadowport located in the Kathol sector of the Outer Rim Territories. Refusing to divulge his past to the residents of the station, ConJob allowed rumors about himself to circulate. Some said that he was a professor who had been forced out of civilized space by the Empire, while others opined that he was a former cop.On Tanquilla Beach, ConJob opened a small florist stand named ConJob's Trifles on the main intercourse of level two, selling flowers—including dewy gigglebuds and starburst plants—that he personally grew in a hydroponics garden located in his quarters. He made a relatively good living as a florist; individuals with nothing but bare walls and rock to look at for weeks on end appreciated the chance to brighten their quarters with ConJob's stock. Even the most hardened criminals on the station were known to purchase his goods. However, the florist stand was merely a front for ConJob's true business as an information broker. As Tanquilla Beach local infochant and NewsNet code dealer, ConJob knew the business of everyone visiting the shadowport, and was sure to be aware of anything interesting happening in the sector. His services were expensive, due to the need to utilize a private courier droid to capture the public network feeds from Gandle Ott, and he always informed his clients that news from as far away as the Core would be days or even weeks old by the time he obtained it. For the right price, ConJob would direct individuals looking to buy goods or services to the right sellers, and he possessed the codes to access Cynabar's InfoNet; however, he would only sell them to smugglers who had been recommended by current subscribers.In 8 ABY, ConJob was working at his stall when Captain Kaiya Adrimetrum, commanding officer of the New Republic CR90 corvette FarStar, arrived on the station. Recognizing her as one of the rebels who had opposed Governor Quannith on Siluria III, he immediately approached her and presented her with a starburst plant. Kissing her hand and bowing, he revealed he had had family on Siluria III. Although embarrassed by ConJob's actions, Adrimetrum gracefully accepted his offering. Adrimetrum's starship, the FarStar, was in need of a major repair to its hyperdrive, after suffering combat damage in the Shintel system. The only repair bay that could accommodate the corvette at Tanquilla Beach was Spang's, but the proprietor, Spang, was too busy to help them. ConJob, a friend and drinking buddy of Spang's, used his friendship with the engineer to help Adrimetrum cut a deal for the repairs. Spang allowed his granddaughter, Fia, to conduct the refit, which overhauled and upgraded the FarStar engines.Tall and lanky, ConJob had black hair and wore thick spectacles. Impulsive and romantic, ConJob kept his past a secret from the denizens of Tanquilla Beach, allowing rumors of his former occupations to spread. At some point in his life, he acquired a working antique lightsaber. While he lacked any talent with the Force, he would practice with the weapon outside his stand to amuse himself, and grew to be quite proficient in basic offensive and defensive moves. He had a skill for growing flowers, and he maintained two separate businesses. He was also skilled in the use of a blaster. As an information broker, ConJob was extremely knowledgeable about events and situations occurring throughout the Kathol sector and aboard Tanquilla Beach. Possessing a working understanding of bureaucracy, ConJob was a skilled businessman and was especially knowledgeable about NewsNets and their operations. He also had an interest in alien species, cultures, and languages. ConJob was known to gamble, and could program and repair computers and security equipment.ConJob required spectacles, and owned a hold-out blaster in addition to his ancient lightsaber. He carried a datapad and maintained a hydroponics garden to grow flowers.
Crizlon was a male Chevin Information broker who sliced into several military databases during the Cold War.
Kual D'Arsan was a male Saheelindeeli information broker on Desevro. He had access to many secrets and personal information of the elite of Maslovar.
Waroon Dak was a rotund male Human from the planet Corellia who worked skilfully as an infochant during the Galactic Civil War. Dak worked from a cantina in the Blasted Asteroid commercial chain which was located on the Wheel space station. There he occupied a table near to the bar where he would meet clients to exchange information. The cantina's bartender and bouncer, Ceoloe, would purposefully say revealing comments he learned concerning customers loudly, as to draw Dak's attention to the potential sources of information. Dak paid the barkeeper a small finder's fee for this information as well as for the table, and Ceoloe also made sure the infochant was safe if any fights broke out. When interacting with clients Dak charged a flat fee per question, which he would negotiate before any information was revealed and ranged from around 10 to 15. Dak was aware of the lost Confederacy of Independent Systems ship named the Sa Nalaor and was willing to pay between 50 and 300 for information concerning its whereabouts.
Dakkar was the aged Bothan male proprietor of the Jaded Jawa bar in the Kothlis Starport.
Daroe was a male Jawa who hailed from the planet Tatooine. He lived in that planet's spaceport town of Mos Eisley, and was one of many informants for the Galactic Empire during the Galactic Civil War. Having inside connections with the Empire, Daroe frequently spoke with his Imperial contact, to whom he reported the Alliance to Restore the Republic's activities in the Outer Rim Territories. Daroe's equipment included an ion blaster. He had yellow eyes.
Dekk'lar was a male Twi'lek information broker living during the Cold War and Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the reconstituted Sith Empire.
Fadulk Di'keer was a male Bothan information broker who lived during the time of the Galactic Civil War.
Red-Eye Dren was a male Sullustan that operated deep within the cantina district of the Kwenn Space Station as an infochant, or information broker, for criminal organizations. He had cybernetics, notably two red cyborg eyes that could change brightness. Dren believed that they were useful for negotiating, as it distracted his clients. As a broker of information, he had access to both the databases of the Galactic Empire and previous Galactic Republic.
Drixar was a Wroonian male informant for a criminal organization who masqueraded as a security officer at the Drev'starn Spaceport on the planet Bothawui.
Droma was a male Ryn who had a passion for adventure and a deep concern for his family. He was adept at problem-solving, observing others, and the various sleight-of-hand techniques for which his nomadic species was notorious. Following the outbreak of the Yuuzhan Vong War in 25 ABY, he was separated from his clanmates and made the acquaintance of the famous pilot and ex-smuggler Han Solo aboard the Jubilee Wheel while it was being attacked by a Yuuzhan Vong dread weapon. The two headed to Bilbringi aboard the luxury liner Queen of Empire and became tangled up in foiling a Yuuzhan Vong plot to wipe out the Jedi. Droma saved Solo's life several times in the process, and in return, Solo vowed to help reunite Droma with his clanmates. The two embarked on a quest that saw Droma assume the temporary position of co-pilot on Solo's famous ship, the Millennium Falcon. As the war raged on, Droma and Solo followed a trail of clues to Droma's missing clanmates, eventually ending up on Ruan, where Droma, mistaken for one of his kin, was arrested and forced into labor. After being rescued by Solo and the BFL-series droid Baffle, Droma traveled with Solo to Fondor, where, in the midst of a battle, they were able to locate and recover Droma's family, which had been traveling the galaxy as refugees. Following the recovery, Droma remained in Solo's company for a short period of time, helping him to administer refugee camps on the planet Duro. When Yuuzhan Vong agents infiltrated the camps, the planet fell to the Yuuzhan Vong, and Droma parted ways with Solo, flying a group of refugees away to safety. Over the next three years of the war, Droma founded the Ryn Network, a unique intelligence organization that helped undo the damage inflicted upon the galaxy by the Yuuzhan Vong. The network began its operations on the planet Onadax, where Droma was reunited with Solo and his family in 28 ABY. He led the Solos to Esfandia, where they aided Grand Admiral Gilad Pellaeon and the Imperial Remnant in repelling the Yuuzhan Vong. After the battle, Droma quietly slipped away in order to continue operating the Ryn Network.Meeting Han Solo A male Ryn, Droma, like many members of his nomadic species, lived in the Corporate Sector working as a pilot and a scout in order to contribute to the support of his extended family. In 25 ABY, shortly after the extra-galactic race of religious zealots known as the Yuuzhan Vong began their invasion of the galaxy, Droma was part of a caravan of Ryn ships heading from the Corporate Sector to the Lesser Plooriod Cluster when the Yuuzhan Vong entered the Ottega system and attacked Ithor. The attack scattered the caravan, and Droma, in addition to several other Ryn, ended up as refugees aboard the Jubilee Wheel, a space station orbiting Ord Mantell. While Droma was aboard the Jubilee Wheel, the station was attacked by a Yuuzhan Vong dread weapon. The creature began ripping away the station's exterior bulkheads and inhaling the passengers into its gaping mouth. Droma resisted the pull by grabbing hold of the knees of another passenger, who turned out to be Han Solo, a famous pilot and hero of the Rebellion, who had been aboard the station with his friend Roa. Droma suggested to Solo that the two of them close the corridor's blast shield, thus blocking the interior of the station from the pull. Solo agreed, but was caught in the creature's pull during the execution of the maneuver; the Ryn snagged Solo's body with his tail, holding him in place while the shield was closing. Knowing where the station's launching bays were, Droma then led Solo and a large group of frightened passengers there and summoned an R2 unit to open a locked hatch for them in the process by playing his flute-like beak. Leading the passengers into a civilian shuttle, Solo and Droma took the shuttle's controls and left the station. They found themselves in a battlefield above Ord Mantell full of X-wing fighters, TIE Interceptors, and Yuuzhan Vong coralskippers. An angered Solo attempted to attack the dread weapon, which had swallowed Roa, but a frantic Droma reminded him that they were piloting an unarmed shuttle. At the co-pilot's station, Droma used the auxiliary controls to break the ship free of a Yuuzhan Vong warship's dovin basals and helped Solo evade four coralskippers that began to chase them through the melee of the battle. As the Star Destroyer Erinnic of the New Republic Defense Force and its accompanying armada chased the Yuuzhan Vong fleet off, Solo plotted a course down toward Ord Mantell. After landing the ship at the planet's primary spaceport, the two parted ways. Annoyed with Droma, Solo stated that he hoped not to see the Ryn again any time soon. Along with many other refugees, Droma stowed away aboard the luxury liner Queen of Empire with only enough credits to secure his passage as far as Vortex. While onboard, he once again encountered Solo, who was pursuing Reck Desh—a pilot of the Peace Brigade who was collaborating with the Yuuzhan Vong—to Bilbringi. Introductions were finally made, with Solo claiming to be named Roaky Laamu. The two shared a steak at a cafeteria, but, disliking the taste, headed to a restaurant. Solo was enraged to discover that the establishment did not serve Ryn and promptly ordered two meals to go. Eating with Droma in the observation bay, Solo asked many questions about the Ryn species, which he had never encountered before landing on the Jubilee Wheel. Droma later kibitzed a game of sabacc involving Solo, telling him that it was a fool's enterprise, and forced Solo to play against the randomizer, which Droma believed was the only worthy opponent. Solo won the game, took the equivalent of his buy-in stakes, and gave the rest to Droma. Droma passed most of it on to some deserving passengers on the lower decks but kept enough for himself to secure passage to Bilbringi, where he believed he could more easily secure a ride to Ralltiir. As Ralltiir was accepting refugees displaced by the invading Yuuzhan Vong, Droma thought it a good starting point for the search for his family. At the now-empty sabacc table, he used the game's cards to tell Solo's fortune. After sharing Solo's cabin space overnight and annoying him with his swishing tail, Droma was again abandoned by the frustrated pilot, but caught up to him in a corridor as Solo was in mid-conversation with Major Showolter, an agent of New Republic Intelligence. Injured from an attack by Yuuzhan Vong warriors, Showolter bid Solo to hide two defectors from the Yuuzhan Vong, Elan and Vergere. Droma was surprised to hear Solo's real name, but would later claim it was a name he hadn't heard before. Solo, after sending Showolter to sick bay, attempted to prevent Droma from involving himself in the situation, but the Ryn reminded Solo that he knew the ship better, including good places to hide the defectors. After Solo reluctantly agreed, the Queen was interdicted from hyperspace, and announcements were made over the ship's loudspeakers that the bridge was under assault by raiders. The party of four made their way to the ship's docking bay, but on the way, Solo saw Reck Desh and temporarily left the other three in order to confront him. All four were captured by Desh's Peace Brigade companions, and Desh realized that Elan and Vergere were Yuuzhan Vong defectors. He took them into custody, and, hoping to get rid of Solo, forced his foe to step into a deactivated drop shaft. Solo survived the fall by grabbing hold of Droma's tail. The move caused Droma grievous pain, but Solo insisted that he wouldn't forget that the Ryn had just saved his life. Chasing after Desh, the two arrived at the docking bay just as New Republic Elite Forces were boarding the Queen, which had arrived at Bilbringi. Solo's ship, the Millennium Falcon, had also just landed on the space station, and Solo's wife, Leia Organa Solo, departed down its boarding ramp, accompanied by her brother, Luke Skywalker; his wife, Mara Jade Skywalker; and the droids C-3PO and R2-D2. Solo forestalled a warm welcome with his family in order to ask his wife where Desh's ship had departed to, and hurriedly introduced her to Droma as he raced up the ramp. A confused Droma followed, and the two left the others behind as they began to pursue Desh and the defectors in the Falcon. New to the Falcon, Droma doubted that it could catch Desh. However, the Yuuzhan Vong had attacked Bilbringi, and in the midst of the space battle there, Droma and Solo found Desh's shuttle drifting dead in space. Droma took over the pilot's station as Solo boarded, and found the entire crew, including Desh, dead. The two defectors had survived, however; Solo brought them aboard the Falcon, and Droma recognized Vergere as belonging to the Fosh, a species he had seen before. The wary Ryn warned Solo that she could not have been of extra-galactic origin. Suddenly suspicious, Solo realized that the Yuuzhan Vong warship which had started firing on them was deliberately missing, and suspected a trap. As he left his ship's cockpit in order to confront the defectors, Droma took the controls again, but abandoned his post on a hunch and entered the rear hold. As the door to the hold opened, Solo emerged, gasping for breath, and swallowed some fresh air after having inhaled some of Elan's bo'tous poison. Droma was shocked to discover that Elan was actually a Yuuzhan Vong agent who had been assigned to poison and wipe out Luke Skywalker's Jedi Order, and was now dead, having committed suicide by swallowing her own poison. Droma then killed the insect-like creatures that the bo'tous spore produced and raced back to the cockpit while Solo searched the ship's corridors for Vergere. She fled in an escape pod, and Droma and Solo veered the Falcon away from the Yuuzhan Vong warship, which was then repulsed by the Quasar Fire-class bulk cruiser Thurse of the New Republic Defense Fleet. Droma and Solo returned to the galactic capital of Coruscant, where Solo delivered a report to New Republic Intelligence, and, thankful for having his life saved twice, vowed to help Droma find his clanmates. In the newly-painted matte-black Millennium Falcon, Solo and Droma began searching for Droma's clanmates while also hoping to uncover information on Roa's whereabouts in the process. Their travels brought them to Vortex and a lush world of green and purple forests. As they prepared to depart the latter world for Sriluur, Droma confessed his hesitancy to travel near Hutt Space, as Hutts had historically enslaved the Ryn. On their way to Sriluur, Solo received intelligence from his wife that five of Droma's six clanmates had been evacuated from Gyndine, while his sister had been left behind. Above Sriluur, the Falcon was attacked by a group of coralskippers. Droma attempted to plot a hyperspace jump to Nar Shaddaa, but Solo insisted on challenging the ships in the planet's atmosphere. Droma immediately agreed to the task and proved himself a very able co-pilot in the ensuing firefight, even destroying several of the enemy craft himself. After finishing off its attackers, the Falcon entered hyperspace, and Solo complimented the Ryn on his shooting. However, a power converter that had been damaged in the firefight left the ship without enough power to get to Nar Shaddaa. Droma suggested Kashyyyk as a location to obtain a new power converter, but Solo insisted on Tholatin. With a damaged hyperdrive, the Falcon made a long, slow trip to Tholatin. Upon arrival, Droma and Solo landed in Esau's Ridge, a rift in the planet often used by smugglers on the otherwise uninhabited world. With Droma posing as the ship's captain and Solo acting as Miek, his first mate, they presented passcodes obtained from Solo's smuggling days to Plaan, the Weequay security chief. Droma claimed that they had received the codes from the mechanic Shug Ninx on Nar Shaddaa. Plaan informed them of a contractor who was paying freelancers to transport refugees to planets that the Yuuzhan Vong planned to attack and that a group of refugees was due to be transported off Ruan very soon. Following the trail, Solo and Droma headed to Ruan. After passing through Ruan customs, Droma was eager to begin the search, but Solo wondered if his clanmates would have joined the mercenaries who intended to transport them offworld. Droma, in response, insisted that his clanmates were far too clever. With over 100 refugee camps to search, the two checked the central databank on a tip from a BFL-series droid named Baffle and then hitched a ride on the droid's landspeeder to the camp which the databank claimed housed five of Droma's clanmates. Upon their arrival at the camp, Droma was mistaken for another Ryn and was arrested on charges of forgery of official documents, a crime which his clanmates had actually committed. Solo was advised to get offworld, else he would be charged as an accessory after the fact. Droma was forced into labor at a product enhancement facility, but was soon rescued by Solo. After convincing Bow, a sentry at the facility, to take Droma in for a medical evaluation, Solo drew a blaster on Bow in the turbolift of the facility's east wing and told Droma to hide him in a closet. The Ryn deposited the sentry in a room full of deactivated droids and rendezvoused with Solo, who, unbeknownst to Droma, had reactivated hundreds of the facility's droids as a favor to Baffle. Bow thus escaped his captivity and chased the two out of the facility; Droma and Solo, in turn, commandeered Bow's landspeeder and escaped. Hoping to avoid the surface scans of the pursuing speeders, Solo dropped their landspeeder into an irrigation channel. Nevertheless, a gate in the channel was closed by Bow, which caused the pair's speeder to crash and deposit them in a muddy ditch. Manipulating weather control, Bow then caused a tidal wave to engulf them. After nearly drowning, Solo boarded the floating speeder and dragged Droma, who was a poor swimmer, aboard, just before the vehicle went tumbling over a waterfall. Solo and Droma were both forced by the water's current through white-water rapids before being caught in a fine-mesh net and picked up by a Scout Collector. Believing that they were about to be flash-frozen, the two were shocked to discover that they had in fact been rescued by Baffle and were directly beneath the spaceport where the Falcon was docked. Thanking Solo for his assistance in reactivating the droids, Baffle revealed that the refugee ship Trevee was headed for Fondor. Droma was surprised to learn that his clanmates were aboard and not still on Ruan. Baffle suggested that they save themselves three hyperspace jumps and use the Gandeal-Fondor Hyperlane. Remembering what Plaan had told them, Solo and Droma realized that the Yuuzhan Vong would soon be attacking Fondor, but headed there anyway. Upon arrival in Fondorian space, they gave New Republic First Fleet Command and Control a legitimate transponder signal and identified themselves as the Falcon. Despite their honesty, a New Republic controller told them that the Trevee had dropped its cargo in an area off-limits to unregistered ships and would not let them proceed. Thinking quickly, Solo and Droma figured that the mercenaries who had made the drop would want to flee as far away as possible from the Yuuzhan Vong's next targets. The two decided on Tholatin as the most likely location. While preparing to make a hyperspace jump to Tholatin, they located the Trevee at the edge of Fondorian space and decided to attack it. As Fondorian Flight Operations protested, Solo and Droma informed them that the Yuuzhan Vong were coming. As if on cue, the Yuuzhan Vong indeed arrived just then, and a large space battle ensued. Solo and Droma aided a group of X-wings in destroying a Yuuzhan Vong vessel, and the group of X-wing pilots turned out to be Kyp's Dozen. Squadron leader Kyp Durron, a Jedi Master and old friend of Solo's, assigned two of his craft to aid the Falcon in pursuing the Trevee. The outgunned crew of the Trevee agreed to help Droma and Solo recover the refugees from the empty shipyards where they had been deposited. Droma was dropped off by Solo at the shipyards, and, along with the pirates and one of the Dozen's pilots, set to work rescuing the refugees. Droma was reunited with five of his clanmates and stayed behind to locate fifty unaccounted-for refugees before blasting off in the Trevee. Meanwhile, Durron rescued a number of prisoners from the nearby Yuuzhan Vong clustership Crèche and brought them aboard the Falcon; among the rescued were Roa and Sapha, Droma's sister and final missing clanmate. In 26 ABY, as world after world closed its doors to refugees, Droma joined Solo and his son Jacen on Duro, whose government had begun allowing refugees to live in camps on the planet's surface. Solo had registered with SELCORE—an organization founded by the New Republic in order to settle refugees from worlds ravaged by the Yuuzhan Vong—as a sponsor of the Ryn in order to settle them somewhere, and Droma had decided to aid the Solos in their efforts. The trio administered Settlement 32, which contained two Ryn clans among other refugees. Droma, along with the Ryn Mezza and Romany, handled most of the administrative work, despite Solo's status as the official administrator. Droma and Solo often tinkered with the Falcon when not performing administrative duties. When Settlement 32 was infested by Naotebe winglings brought onto Duro by the Yuuzhan Vong infiltrator Nom Anor, Droma aided in the evacuation of its refugees, remaining at the camp until everyone had boarded a land crawler. The refugees were taken to Gateway, the main SELCORE complex on Duro, where Droma held off having his fur shaved in the decontamination process until the quarantine order against the refugees from Settlement 32 was lifted. Wearing chemical suits, he and Jacen led a team of refugees back to the settlement to seek out any spaceworthy vessels that had survived the infestation, only to discover that the settlement had been overrun by Fefze beetles. The team was forced to flee from the swarming beetles, but Droma remained behind with Jacen, using a vibroblade to kill several of the insects. Realizing that they were attracted to sources of light, Droma told Jacen to throw his lightsaber at the swarm. With the insects distracted, the two left the settlement and returned to Gateway. When it was discovered that the Yuuzhan Vong had infiltrated the settlements, the Solo family decided to evacuate the refugees from the planet as quickly as possible. Han Solo and Droma snuck around Gateway, looking for a cargo hauler that could be used to transport passengers, but ended up spotting and fleeing from the Yuuzhan Vong beasts Sgauru and Tu-Scart. Droma and Solo were soon located by Yuuzhan Vong warriors and hid in a pile of mowed grass. While hiding, they discovered a cavern housing an old WQ 445 transport. After gathering as many refugees aboard the transport as possible, Droma and Solo realized they were finally saying goodbye to each other, and both regretted having to do so. Droma also regretted that he had never been able to properly meet Luke Skywalker. The comm unit aboard the hauler was dead, which prompted Solo to give his comlink to the Ryn. Before the two parted ways, Solo suggested that at the end of their acquaintance, it was Droma who finally owed Solo. Droma piloted the hauler through a raging space battle above the planet and to a jump point outside of Duro's orbit, escorted by Solo in the Falcon. The Ryn took the hauler to the Senex-Juvex region, which he thought was still accepting refugees. Droma's association with Solo gave him high standing among his people. The Ryn had traditionally been leaderless nomads, but Droma began to turn what many others in the galaxy regarded as the species' weaknesses into strengths. The species traveled to many places, saw many things, often stowed away aboard ships, spread news to each other via gossip, and were rarely stopped by security; Droma used all of these habits to their advantage by founding the Ryn Network, an intelligence organization which helped undo the damage inflicted upon the galaxy by the Yuuzhan Vong. Near the beginning of 28 ABY, he began running the network out of the Thorny Toe, a cantina on Onadax, and only intended to stay there for three months, believing that dormancy would compromise the network's secrecy. However, it took six months for him to ensure that the network was running smoothly before he was able to leave. At the end of these six months, Droma received intelligence from Ryn Network agents on Galantos and Bakura that Han Solo had taken the Millennium Falcon on a diplomatic mission to make contact with areas of the galaxy that had been cut off from the Galactic Alliance—the galactic government which had succeeded the New Republic. Droma's agents also reported that the Yuuzhan Vong were planning to attack the planet Esfandia. Droma instructed his agent Goure Conor on Bakura to direct Solo to Onadax; Solo arrived in the Falcon, accompanied by its escort ship, the Galactic Alliance Defense Force craft Pride of Selonia. Solo was summoned by Droma while playing a game of sabacc at the Thorny Toe and was interrogated by the Ryn, who remained hidden and spoke to Solo over speakers, not revealing his identity. After the interrogation, Droma followed Solo to the Falcon and banged on the side of the ship, demanding to be let in. The hatch was opened by his surprised friend, and with Droma as its newest passenger, the Falcon departed the planet. Droma was greeted by a confused Han Solo, as well as Leia and their daughter, the Jedi Knight Jaina Solo. Lying, he told the Solos that he had applied to be a part of the Ryn Network but had been rejected. Hoping to lead the Solos to Esfandia, he mentioned the impending Yuuzhan Vong attack on the planet and asked them to drop him off at Juvex, which was on the way. The Solos realized that Esfandia was one of only two places to contain a relay base servicing the Unknown Regions, which Luke Skywalker had recently led a search party into. As such, the Falcon and the Selonia headed to Esfandia, where they discovered a Yuuzhan Vong armada led by Commander B'shith Vorrik and an Imperial fleet under the command of Grand Admiral Gilad Pellaeon that had been chasing Vorrik's fleet across the galaxy. Solo pledged the Falcon to Pellaeon's fight and took the ship planetside in order to locate the relay base. After the ship landed on the surface, Droma was the first to hear a strange noise, which turned out to be Esfandia's inhabitants, the Brrbrlpp, who were speaking in trinary code. After Solo's protocol droid, C-3PO, spoke to the Brrbrlpp at length, a plan was hatched to protect the bystanders under the Falcon shields while presenting the ship as a cold target to the Yuuzhan Vong armada, which would in turn converge and become an easy target for Pellaeon's Star Destroyers. The plan made Droma nervous but was nevertheless set into motion. As the Yuuzhan Vong bombarded the area around the Falcon, it soon became apparent to the ship's crew that they were trapped. Droma suggested faking surrender and, believing that they were going to die, was ready to reveal himself as the head of the Ryn Network. However, the Brrbrlpp insisted that the Falcon hide in their nesting plains. Following the Brrbrlpp inside, the ship's crew discovered the hidden relay base, which was being overseen by Commander Ashpidar. Ashpidar gave Droma and Leia a tour of the base, during which she indicated that she believed a traitor to be in their midst. Droma was wary of Eniknar, Ashpidar's Noghri security chief, but joined Solo in taking Eniknar and two other members of Ashpidar's team on speeder bikes to reprogram the base's relay transponder. Arriving at the transponder, they rendezvoused with Jaina Solo and her comrades Jagged Fel and Tahiri Veila. Droma helped lay mines around the base while it was being reprogrammed before several Yuuzhan Vong appeared riding armed vehicles. A skirmish between the two sides ensued. Droma took a hit to the steering vane of his speeder, rendering the vehicle useless. As Jaina had been knocked unconscious during the skirmish, Droma took her on Fel's speeder back to safety while Fel and Veila remained at the transponder to cover his back. After waking up, Jaina neutralized one of their Yuuzhan Vong pursuers with a thermal detonator, but a second adversary managed to cover Droma and her with the sticky threads of netting beetles, forcing them to pull the speeder bike over. Droma told Jaina of a trick he had seen Veila perform earlier: using the Force to close the throats of the Tsik-Seru's plasma launchers. Jaina mimicked the move, and the vehicle exploded, but its Yuuzhan Vong pilot survived and continued to pursue them on foot. The warrior knocked Droma out of the way before a distraction by the Brrbrlpp allowed Jaina to kill him. Pellaeon's fleet then defeated Vorrik's, and in the aftermath of the victory, Droma offered Veila a role in the Ryn Network, having received positive reports about her from his agents on Galantos and Bakura. After Veila declined, he quietly slipped away on the Ryn ship Fortune Seeker, believing that the less evidence of the network and his position as its head that existed, the better. A short time later, Droma commed Solo, who was with the Galactic Alliance on Mon Calamari, and warned him of small, unpiloted drones that the Yuuzhan Vong had been developing. Although Droma didn't know what their function was, he did know that the Yuuzhan Vong were excited about them, and suspected that they were dangerous. After communicating as much to Solo, he quickly ended the call. Droma was on the run for the remainder of the war, but the Yuuzhan Vong were soon defeated at Coruscant, marking the end of a long and bloody conflict, albeit one that allowed the Ryn Network to benefit. The network was still active twelve years later. Like many members of his species, Droma was a perceptive and shrewd observer, which allowed him to perform the various sleight-of-hand techniques for which the Ryn were famous, and to often finish others' sentences. He felt that possessions were merely things to be lost, and shared many of his species' superstitions, such as never sleeping twice in the same spot or eating thrice from the same bowl. He would, however, eat almost anything if it had the right spices. Droma was a self-proclaimed professional pilot, scout, and all-around spacer, and Leia Organa Solo observed that despite his deep concern for his family, he was a rogue and a drifter at heart, addicted to adventure. Droma displayed a knack for calming intense situations, including several instances where he convinced Han Solo not to strike out in anger. Droma was often sarcastic and bitter and, at times, challenged Solo, accusing him of such things as attempting to out-race tragedy and of using his anger to cover up heartache. Although Droma's sarcasm often irritated Solo, his companionship was a sobering experience, and Solo's wife thought of their relationship as not entirely amicable yet still perfectly natural. It was Droma's partnership and empathy that helped Solo realize he couldn't run away from his loved ones or from his loss. Droma believed that everyone lived for love. Droma was not a very strong swimmer but, owing to his tail, was well-equipped for acrobatics. He was a very able co-pilot and displayed skills as a mechanic, although he was better at intuitive problem solving than he was with hydrospanners or macrofusers. He was also fluent in several languages, including Basic, his native Ryn dialect, Huttese, and Binary.Like most males of his species, Droma had short, smoke-colored fur covering most of his body, and sported a head of snow-white hair and a drooping white mustache. His nose was a chitinous beak that curved down over a thin-lipped mouth and was perforated like a musical instrument. He favored wearing a brimless cap of bright red and blue squares, which he wore at a rakish angle, as well as a brightly-colored vest, culottes, and ankle boots.
Emala was a Squib who, along with Grees and Sligh, formed the dubious group the Directors. For a while they made their profits by selling information they had collected to the New Republic Intelligence Service, but later they found a new break on Tatooine. In 8 ABY, the Squibs "helped" Han and Leia Solo during their skirmishes on Tatooine while trying to obtain the moss painting Killik Twilight. They realized that selling information to the Imperial Remnant would be more profitable, and later started Second Mistake Enterprises. After surviving the Yuuzhan Vong War she became a war profiteer along with Grees and Sligh during the Killik-Chiss Swarm War. After being sabotaged by the Solos, they took out a bounty on each of the family's heads.
Garett Erlskel was a Human male Hutt Informant loyal to Jabba Desilijic Tiure who lived during the time of the Galactic Civil War. Sometime following the Battle of Yavin in 0 BBY, Erlskel patrolled the Hutt Claims region of the Tatoo system in his starship.
"Eyes" was a Force-sensitive information broker who operated during the reign of the Galactic Empire. A member of an unknown alien species, Eyes wound up at some point on the planet Camden in the Outer Rim Territories, observing activities in the Snakes' Den spaceport and building up a plethora of contacts. Eventually becoming a professional informant, Eyes ran a lucrative business from the Jade Simian restaurant. For undisclosed reasons, Eyes harbored an intense personal hatred of Galactic Emperor Palpatine. Eventually, the Rebel Alliance noticed Eyes' work, and, impressed, hired the alien as an undercover operative. However, their trust in Eyes was never great, and they never permitted the information merchant to see any sensitive information. Nothing was known about Eyes' origins. Rumor had it that Eyes was a member of an alien species wiped out by Palpatine, though this was merely one of many theories. Eyes was widely thought to be male, though in truth even "his" gender was unknown. An amoral being, Eyes killed a fellow sentient in cold blood on at least one occasion, using natural Force-sensitivity and divination to track down and later murder an Imperial security officer.Early lifeNext to nothing was known of this being's early life. Eyes chose to reveal absolutely no information about any personal background, motivations, species of origin, or even gender, though most referred to "him" as male. Eyes had a peculiar appearance, with over two dozen eyes, varying greatly in size. Each of the mass of eyes was unique—most were on the end of long, slender stalks, while several others had no such stalks. One of these eyes was significantly larger than the rest, though the diameter and pupil size of the rest varied. Eyes had a long neck, with several minuscule tentacles protruding from it, and had two thin arms. Each arm had a large, two-fingered hand, which Eyes used as pincers to hold objects. Eyes was a Force-sensitive, and had a basic understanding of Force powers, including the skill of telepathy. Although Eyes' origins and motivations were obscure, many speculated about the alien's identity. According to Alliance to Restore the Republic General Airen Cracken, some said that Eyes was a member of an alien species wiped out by one of Galactic Emperor Palpatine's genocidal policies. However, these theories were never backed up with concrete evidence, and Eyes' past remained a mystery. During the reign of the first Galactic Empire, Eyes worked as an information broker on the planet Camden, located in the Outer Rim Territories region of space. Camden was located on one of the many trade routes the galaxy encompassed, and it saw a great many freighters and spacers from all stretches of the universe passed through daily. Eyes operated out of Snakes' Den, a seedy Camden spaceport, due to its unofficial capacity as a major crossroads for all kinds of fringers. After arriving at Snakes' Den, Eyes began to watch and listen closely to everything that was going on in the bustling spaceport. After spending day after day making these observations, Eyes made many friends, as people knew the alien would trade knowledge for credits and favors. Over time, Eyes had enough potential clients to set up a full-time operation as an information broker. Eyes held court in the Jade Simian restaurant on Camden, where people would line up to meet with the mysterious alien informant.Eyes' system of learning and repeating snippets of information eventually formed an operation of immense proportions; driven by an unknown goal, Eyes became a legend among fringers, with a network that grew until it could easily match the capabilities of any Imperial Intelligence organization. General Cracken included a profile of Eyes in a collection of files on independent operatives who regularly worked for the Rebel Alliance. The smuggler and Rebel Platt Okeefe also listed Eyes as one of several information merchants who might serve as useful contacts for her fellow smugglers. Thousands of people traded information with Eyes, giving the operation a constant flow of information. However, Eyes was more than just an information broker, and was known to have killed at least one person in cold blood—an Imperial security officer who had angered the alien informant. Eyes used divinatory abilities to track down and murder this particular Imperial officer. Eyes was known to have committed other misdeeds, though the details were not listed in Cracken's profile of Eyes. Eventually, Eyes' operations came to the attention of the Alliance to Restore the Republic, who knew they could use the talents to great effect. Eyes was happy enough to work for the Rebels; Eyes had an intense personal grudge against Emperor Palpatine, although no one ever learned exactly why. While completely willing to break Imperial law and aid the Alliance, Eyes always expected full payment in either goods, credits, services, or information. Eyes was generally believed to be loyal to the Rebels—disloyalty to any customer would have been bad for business—though the Alliance was careful never to entrust the alien with sensitive information. One high-ranking Alliance member who was not entirely convinced by the alien information broker was General Airen Cracken, who had many more doubts on Eyes than most. He issued reports on many of the Alliance's undercover agents to many members, including a small biography and a personal addendum. On Eyes' addendum, Cracken said that Eyes only worked with the Alliance because it was momentarily convenient for the alien's mysterious goals, and that Eyes was not to be trusted by Alliance operatives. He also stated that Eyes might well go over to the dark side of the Force due to a lack of morality.Eyes was surrounded with an aura of mystery, with an unknown past and secretive goals. A selfish being, Eyes was not above using various unscrupulous means to achieve a goal, up to and including murder. While Eyes' motives for working against the Empire were the subject of some speculation, their exact nature was not common knowledge. General Cracken described Eyes as having no sense of morality; to a man like Cracken motivated by moral objections to the Empire, Eyes was an untrustworthy being with suspicious goals who could potentially turn against the Alliance. Eyes was a skilled bargainer, a skill which was used to great advantage when building up a network of sources and clients. Eyes wore simple clothing, and carried a hold-out blaster, a comlink, and a mysterious amulet. This amulet was believed to have had some sort of religious significance, though, like many of the details surrounding the alien informant, this was merely a theory.Eyes was Force-sensitive, and used the Force as a means to magnify natural senses, to sense the presence and identity of other sentients, and to read the minds of other sentients using basic telepathy. Eyes also used divination and telepathy to track down adversaries on at least one occasion. General Cracken's profile on Eyes speculated that these abilities may have been common among Eyes' species. In addition to these skills, Eyes was an adept forger and investigator, with a wide knowledge of various species, languages, and cultures—especially those of the underworld. The informant also had some skill as a computer programmer, and moderate proficiency with a hold-out blaster.
Garindan ezz Zavor, sometimes referred to as Long Snoot, was a male Kubaz who had been forced to work as a spy for the Galactic Empire. In private, Garindan loathed his Imperial overlords and sought to return to his clan and free his homeworld of Kubindi from Imperial rule. Prior to the Battle of Yavin, Garindan received news that his family was in danger. In an attempt to buy passage home, Garindan provided information about the location of Obi-Wan Kenobi, Luke Skywalker, C-3PO, and R2-D2 to the Galactic Empire during a battle on the desert world of Tatooine. Despite the failure of that job, Garindan accepted another job to help Derrida the Ketton spy on the Rebel Alliance.The unwilling spy Born on the planet Kubindi, Garindan ezz Zavor came from a respectable Kubaz clan that was known for breeding and farming a sought-after strain of succulent picolet beetles. He had a wife and several children who were well-known senators, orators, and artists. Garindan also had at least one daughter. He also had several grandchildren who attended creches and academies. During the Imperial Era, the Galactic Empire used polished protocol droids to win over the Kubaz elders and lead the people into the belly of their grand vessel. Garindan was one of the chosen students picked from his academy to study under the Empire as a diplomat and return to his mate and hive with new accolades. However, Garindan and his fellow students were instead indentured and forcibly trained as spies. The Empire wanted to exploit the Kubaz for their ability to read body languages, smell pheromones and weapons, and to hear long distances. Garindan and the other students were put in manacles and forced to endure propaganda, indoctrination, and brainwashing. Disillusioned with the Empire, Garindan slipped away while on a job and attempted to return to Kubindi, only to find its orbit guarded by Imperial firepower. Unable to return to his homeworld, Garindan spend the next several years working as a spy in order to raise the necessary credits to hire a ship to travel back to Kubindi. Garindan also accumulated a datapad with the most current information, diagrams, and manuals on advanced technology and hyperspace travel. Garindan was determined to reveal the truth of the Empire's "exploitation" to his people and provide them with the necessary technology to claim their right to self determination. During the early stages of the Galactic Civil War, Garindan was stationed in the port city of Mos Eisley on the desert world of Tatooine. Garindan dwelled in a hovel that had previously served as a stable for livestock. He hated Tatooine, regarding the planet as a barren world bereft of arts, decorum, and education. Garindan encountered xenophobic hostility from the local human population, who regarded him as an unscrupulous spy. On one occasion, Garindan stole a leather bag of credits belonging to a human man who had insulted him. Around the time of Princess Leia Organa's secret mission to Tatooine, Garindan received a garbled comm message from Kubindi. Having not heard his own language for years, Garindan paid the robed female emissary all the money in his account. Garindan learned from his daughter that his wife was dead and that the family was in trouble. With his family in danger, Garindan resolved to take on a job and earn enough money to hire a ship to return to Kubindi. Using his spy network, Garindan arranged for his human informant to supply the codes that he needed to return home. The informant told Garindan that the codes would last for a few days and advised him not to hire a rebel ship. Embarking on his mission to get home, Garindan accepted a job from the Empire to search for two droids, C-3PO and R2-D2, who had escaped from Imperial forces during a battle in orbit. The search was primarily to find the stolen plans for the Death Star, which R2-D2 was carrying for the Rebel Alliance. The droids were under the protection of Obi-Wan Kenobi and Luke Skywalker. Garindan waited in Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina listening for any chatter related to the fugitive droids. He smelled the scent of Skywalker's X-34 landspeeder. Garindan overheard Ponda Baba and Cornelius Evazan fighting with Kenobi with the former losing his arm to Kenobi's lightsaber. Garindan also overheard Kenobi and Skywalker negotiating passage to Alderaan with the ship's captain, Han Solo, and its co-pilot, Chewbacca. While waiting in the dark corner between the cantina and Solo's starship, the Millennium Falcon, in Docking Bay 94, Garindan caught sight of the men walking with the two fugitive droids. The Kubaz promptly informed Imperial stormtroopers that the droids were at Docking Bay 94 in Mos Eisley's spaceport. Confident that he would be paid for his work, Garindan ordered a second drink at Chalmn's Cantina and conversed with the Devaronian Labria. Garindan was dismayed when he received a message on his datapad that the bounty had been forfeited since the droids had escaped. However, Labria then offered Garindan a job on behalf of Derrida the Ketton, who needed a companion for a job that night. Labria explained that this job was against the Alliance. Determined to help his family and liberate the Kubaz from Imperial rule, Garindan accepted the job. When Labria complimented Garindan's skills as a spy and asked about his motives, Garindan merely replied that he was "very far from home." Garindan ezz Zavor was a male Kubaz. While working as a spy on Tatooine, he wore a long black robe and hood. Goggles covered Garindan's eyes, and a metallic device covered Garindan's long snout. During the Imperial Era, Garindan initially had an optimistic view of the Galactic Empire and hoped to train a diplomat. However, Garindan became disillusioned with the Empire when he and his fellow Kubaz were forced to work as spies. As a result, Garindan harbored a deep hatred of the Empire and sought to free his people from Imperial rule. Garindan was part of a respectable clan and had a wife and several children and grandchildren. Garindan loved and deeply missed his family. He hated his posting on Tatooine, which he regarded as a desolate place bereft of arts, decorum, and education. Garindan endured considerable hostility form the local human population, who regarded him as an unscrupulous spy and alien outsider. Garindan in return held a negative view of humans, the galaxy's dominant species. He regarded them as an arrogant species who had inflated view of their place in the galaxy. Garindan's love for his family led him to accept any job including spying on the Alliance. As a Kubaz, Garindan was able to read body languages, smell pheromones and weapons, and hear chatter from long distances. Garindan was also sensitive to the pheromones that people and animals secreted, allowing him to read their thoughts and feelings. Garindan spoke both his native language Kubazian and Galactic Basic Standard.
Fenix was a Besalisk information broker who lived during the waning years of the Galactic Republic.During the Clone Wars, Fenix lived on the planet Druckenwell and established a network of contacts, who helped him to find out about everything that went on there. The main place he hanged out was Botcha's, a bar in the planet's factory district. One time while he was there with a Gran and a Rodian, he was approached by the Heroes of Cularin, who asked him for information on the location of the stolen freighter First Light.
Tchaw Fenn was a Bothan information broker who lived in Friz Harammel on Genarius. He used to work exclusively for Riboga the Hutt, but after the Hutt left the Cularin system, Fenn worked as a free agent. Gathering information came naturally to him, and he reveled in the process. As he got into his middle years, he become somewhat pudgy. He kept his beard in immaculate condition, and he would often preen it when in public.
Koro Ferbin was a male alien, who worked as an information broker during the waning years of the Galactic Republic. In c. 22 BBY, during the time of the Clone Wars, Ferbin was present in the Outlander Club on the planet Coruscant when he was approached by a Jedi Padawan. The Padawan was trying to find out who was responsible for a recent attack on the Galactic Senate, and wanted to obtain this information from Ferbin. After seeing that the Padawan was carrying a large amount of credits, Ferbin happily divulged the information, revealing that the bounty hunter Vogg Barakk was responsible for the attack, and that Barakk was hiding out in the Works district of Coruscant.
Fernooda was a male Dug follower of Ashaar Khorda. Fernooda acted as Khorda's intermediary, hiring Jango Fett and Zam Wesell to retrieve the Infant of Shaa from Seylott. Jango later strangled him on Coruscant as he and Wesell foiled the cult's plot along with Jedi Master Yarael Poof.
Eobbim Figh was a Mhingxin gossiper and informant roaming Mos Eisley's cantina's and streets. He once told bounty hunter Bossk some interesting information about Bossk's failing popularity in the bounty hunter trade and the whereabouts of Bossk's enemy Boba Fett.
Clive Flax was a double agent and a friend of Ferus Olin. He would often pose as a musician in nightclubs to gather the information he needed unnoticed.Clive Flax was a native of the planet Belazura, but he felt no attachment to his homeworld, and wandered the galaxy. Flax met Olin shortly before the Clone Wars, when the former Jedi was still operating his company Olin and Lands on Bellassa. After the galaxy-wide war erupted, Ferus assigned Flax to an operation on the planet Jabor. Using his skills of infiltration, Flax was able to reveal and sabotage a ring of Separatist spies that ran throughout the Mid Rim. After the rise of the Galactic Empire, Flax found it more difficult to operate and was eventually arrested and thrown into a prison on the planet Dontamo. Eventually he was reunited with Ferus after he was also sentenced to Dontamo. Flax found and rescued him from an angry fellow prisoner and together they escaped the prison. Flax traveled with Ferus and his companions to Naboo where they received help from Boss Rugor Nass and the Gungan people to rid Naboo of Imperial activity. Clive later helped Ferus find a saboteur of the computer system on the planet Samaria. He escaped the Empire's clutches with other members of the Erased, but Ferus stayed behind, challenging Darth Vader. Clive returned to Olin's secret asteroid base, upset that he had to help out with fixing the place up. Later, Clive asked Astri Oddo to help him to find out who Flame really was. After going to Niro 11, the two ended at Eve Yarrow's home on Revery. It was there they discovered that Flame was in fact Eve Yarrow, and that she was in league with Darth Vader. Astri and Clive then contacted the base, warning them of this. After the base was destroyed by Vader's superweapon, himself and Astri agreed to adopt Trever after he was brainwashed so that he knew nothing about Darth Vader's real identity or anything that happened in the last year. Before the Battle of Yavin, Clive and Astri were killed by Imperials on an Imperial garrison.
Fligh was a petty thief and informer for Jedi Qui-Gon Jinn and Didi Oddo. He was a tall, slender male Human with a bright green prosthetic eye to replace one he had lost in a strife with Hutts. Fligh had a long face and prominent ears. Fligh often hung around the Galactic Senate, he knew everyone and passed information for credits. In 43 BBY he was hired by Helb to steal Senator Uta S'orn's datapad after which he was believed murdered as a body that resembled his was found garroted and drained of blood. In reality he had faked his death and fled to Belasco where he later reemerged when he gave the datapad to the Jedi. Fligh and three other thieves ended up working for Didi and Astri Oddo. In 26 BBY he tipped Didi Oddo on a bet for the Galactic Games on Euceron (for one of its rigged events), after which he returned to Coruscant. By that time, his appearance had changed somewhat: though still thin and spidery, his long ears were now even longer, with the lobes resting on his shoulders, and a tuft of graying yellow hair sprouted from his balding head. Beyond this, Fligh had replaced his fake green eye, which had been his pride and joy, with a bright gold one. Neither had he lost his idiosyncratic phrasing "...so there you go," which he had ever interjected into his speech to punctuate his ideas.Jedi Quest: The Dangerous Games
Fnast was a male Bothan slicer and information broker that lived during the Galactic Civil War.
Fonterrat was a scavenger of an unknown alien species of rodent-like beings with big eyes and ears, a sharp snout, and gray-brown fur which covered much of the body.Fonterrat discovered the Emperor's plague storehouse in the Deep Core and its vast cache of biological and chemical weapons created by General Evir Derricote including the dreaded Human-specific virus created known as the Emperor's Plague. He then offered to sell the information to Nolaa Tarkona, leader of the Human-hating Diversity Alliance, though he refused to deal directly with her, suggesting that she send a neutral party to meet him on Kuar. When negotiating, he also provided her with one sample of the virus which she used to seal his payment. The neutral party turned out to be the shipping tycoon Bornan Thul (who owned Bornaryn Trading). In exchange for the navicomputer module that contained the coordinates for the asteroid, Bornan paid with a time-locked case filled with credits. Bornan was then supposed to deliver it to Nolaa at a trade conference on Shumavar but he found out about what lay within the plague storehouse and went into hiding. Later, Fonterrat went to the all-Human colony on Gammalin where he used the plague to wipe out the population. Before the plague had taken its effect, Fonterrat was imprisoned by the colonists. Since the plague wiped out everyone on the colony other than Fonterrat, he died in his cell of starvation since there was no one to take care of him.
Formayj was a male Yao and an old associate of Han Solo and Chewbacca who worked out of Tholatin. When Chewbacca went to rescue Han during the Black Fleet Crisis, he went to Formayj to find information about the Yevetha and the Koornacht Cluster. He was not known to haggle, and was old enough to have created many tricks of the smuggling trade. He carefully appraised the worth of each item and piece of information he sold before parting with it. Much of the information he garnered came directly from Coruscant and New Republic Intelligence, and in fact Alpha Blue used him to funnel information to Chewbacca.
Kelia Freen was a female human information broker living during the Cold War and Galactic War.
Futor was a Sullustan infochant who operated Futor's Network onboard Omze's Incredible Traveling Starport. He was shorter than the average Sullustan. His eyes were squinted from long period of time looking at datascreens. He often wore shaded goggles to filter out the glare of the viewscreens and propped them above his eyes when not in use. Before working for Omze he was a computer controller for SoroSuub Corporation on Sullust. He left his job with a price on his head when he was discovered stealing important corporate data and selling it to the highest bidder. Futor operated as a infochant and slicer for hire until he was hired by Omze to infiltrate Sienar Fleet Systems databanks at their facility on Byblos. Following this Omze retained Futor as his personal infochant onboard his Incredible Traveling Starport.
Mona Gale was a female Human Information broker, operating in the Old World of the Eternal Empire of Zakuul. In 3631 BBY she was approached in the by a renegade member of the Knights of Zakuul Senya Tirall, who was looking for information about the Lady of Sorrows. Unwilling to compromise her business with the Lady, Gale only told Senya and the Commander that the Lady occasionally met with the Heralds of Zildrog in Breaktown. After they left, Mona Gale alerted the Lady about the meeting. Shortly thereafter she was approached and killed by the Heralds of Zildrog. Her murder irritated the Lady of Sorrows, who proceeded to kill the leader of the Heralds for his interference.
Garindan, also called Long-Snoot, was a Kubaz who was considered to be the "greatest spy in Mos Eisley spaceport."Garindan's eyes were hidden beneath dark goggles, as they were extremely sensitive to the harsh sunlight of Tatooine. His name translated to "Blessed One," "Burnt wood," "dust from a windstorm," "ugly," and "toast" in five different languages. With his face hidden beneath his dark hood, goggles and insect-eating snout, few on Tatooine knew his origins. Many believed that he was wildly wealthy, though his vast amounts of credits were only seen when he paid for information. He was seen carrying the Model 434 blaster pistol, popular among bounty hunters and mercenaries. Garindan's information was priceless, and his skills went to the highest bidder, whether it be to Jabba the Hutt (who was wary of Garindan finding out too much about Jabba's business transactions) or to the Imperials. Garindan was apparently capable of finding out a wide variety of information, as evidenced when he gave the possible whereabouts to Jabba concerning the fabled Yavin Vassilika. Just prior to the Battle of Yavin, he was hired by the local Imperial prefect to find two missing droids. Once he discovered them, he followed the droids and their new owner to Docking Bay 94 and called in a squad of Imperial stormtroopers to attack. Despite this, the droids were able to escape, in part due to the help of stormtrooper Davin Felth's betrayal when he shot his commanding officer in the back. Afterward, Garindan met with the Ketton spy Derrida and conferred. The meeting was witnessed by Meyser Kayson's son, who reported it to the Rebel Alliance. Garindan later was interrogated by the Rebellion to discover the location of his cousin, Udin. He also discovered that Luke Skywalker had sold a landspeeder in Mos Eisley, helping Darth Vader to confirm the origins and identity of the Death Star's destroyer. After the battle of Yavin Garindan went to Hoth. He had heard there where jedi hunters hunting a jedi. Garindan was paid by pirates to find the location of the jedi. Garindan killed the crew of pirates and gave the information to the jedi hunters.
Cash Garrulan was a Twi'lek male who was once a former Black Sun Vigo until he became the most powerful crime lord on Murkhana. His hideout was located in the basement of an abandoned building to the south of Murkhana City. Shortly before the Clone Wars, Roan Shryne attempted to shut down Garrulan's operations, but instead the two reached an agreement, and Garrulan became Shryne's informant on the Separatist military buildup. Retiring to Murkhana after leaving Black Sun, he still was in contact with Shryne, as part of a deal with the Jedi High Council. Following Order 66, Cash helped Roan Shryne and Olee Starstone escape Murkhana after informing them of the attack on the Jedi Temple. He set up the Dead Ringer as a decoy while sneaking the two Jedi off aboard a CloakShape fighter. Cash himself escaped the system in his SoroSuub Skiff, shortly after dropping a booster ring, which allowed the CloakShape fighter containing the Jedi to jump into hyperspace. After Murkhana, Cash escaped. However, he was soon hunted down and killed by the Imperials.
Ghost was a male Neimoidian Information broker operating on Nar Shaddaa during the Cold War. Upon learning that Imperial Intelligence reports from officer Keeling were intercepted by a gang called the Krayts and was about to the highesy bidder, he contacted an Imperial individual and provided him with the time and place at which the sales were about to take place. After the reports were recovered, officer Keeling transferred to Ghost his broker's fee.
Ginder was a furred Bimm male from the Genarius-orbiting city of Tolea Biqua who operated as a scavenger and information broker in the Cularin system. Around 31 BBY, while going through a shipment of scrap, Ginder came across the head of an L8O-series protocol droid, L8O-RC. Finding that the head was highly prized by several factions, he sought to offload it before they caught up with him. While attempting to foist the head on a group of freelancers at the Falling Rodian cantina, Ginder found himself in the middle of an all-out fight between some of the factions battling to secure the mysterious treasure, with the head being claimed by the freelancers. Ginder was a furred Bimm male who operated as a scavenger and information broker around 31 BBY. In his home city of Tolea Biqua, which orbited the gas giant Genarius in the Expansion Region's Cularin system, Ginder happened upon the head of an L8O-series protocol droid, L8O-RC, while looking through a pile of refuse from the local moon of Uffel. Recognizing it as the kind of droid that the former crime lord of the Cularin system, Riboga the Hutt, had used, he surmised that there might be some value in its data and shopped the head around. However, Ginder's efforts only drew attention from soldiers of the Thaereian military under the command of Colonel Jir Tramsig, as well as a rival gang of thugs attempting to curry favor with Nirama, a mysterious alien who was the leader of the local crime syndicate. Neither party wanted to pay for the head, although they did not press the issue at first, opting to follow the Bimm. Unbeknownst to Ginder, there was also a third group following him—namely, a band of droids from Uffel who were trying to prevent information in the protocol droid head from benefiting anyone else. Feeling that he was in an untenable situation, Ginder urgently contacted a group of freelancers to unload the head on them so that he could escape from the city. As he was meeting with the freelancers in the Falling Rodian, a cantina where Ginder had waited intermittently for several afternoons, the soldiers and the thugs showed up, and a battle over the head began. Ginder hid under a table during the brawl, and the head ultimately ended up in the possession of the freelancers. Ginder loved to haggle and subscribed to the Bimm belief that theft was on a par with murder. Known to be correct more often than he was wrong, Ginder was trustworthy and alert. Norben, the bartender at the Falling Rodian cantina, found Ginder to be often nervous, with the matter surrounding the droid's head making the Bimm more shaky than usual. Despite his usual Bimm enthusiasm when bartering, Ginder was keen to offload the droid's head quickly, underscoring the desperation he felt at his situation. He stood around a meter tall and had tan fur, small dark eyes, an elongated muzzle, and long, floppy ears.Ginder could speak and write Bimmini; in addition, he could speak Galactic Basic Standard but was not literate in the language. He could also utilize blasters.Ginder dressed in a yellow pair of trousers and a jacket and carried a small amount of personal belongings with him.
Bim Gizzo was a male Bothan information broker who worked during the Galactic Civil War for the droid manufacturer Cybot Galactica. At some point, he and his partner Brom attempted to plant a datacard belonging to their employer's rival, Industrial Automaton, onto a patron at the cantina the Sleeping Rancor. A pair of Industrial Automaton security personnel then arrived looking for the card and a fight ensued. During the fight Brom shot a sleeping Ronto outside the bar, which then when on rampage, causing significant damage to the cantina.
Sordu Gogg was a male Rodian information broker operating on the planet Socorro. He worked out of private booth at the Custom Stop, arranging work for spacers ranging from legitimate cargo run to smuggling gigs.
Gogol was a male humanoid criminal who haunted the Dor on Coruscant in the final years of the Galactic Republic, before the Clone Wars. Gogol sold Obi-Wan Kenobi information about the slave-raider Krayn's dealings with the Colicoids, about which ties the Jedi Master had been suspicious since Krayn's attack on a Colicoid cargo ship that Kenobi and his Padawan were escorting, and its captain's rage at Krayn, as if the assault and resultant offense taken had been of a personal nature. Kenobi learned from Gogol that the Colocoids had recently and secretly taken over the Kessel mines and that they were planning a total usurpation of the spice trade, including of its processing factories run by Krayn on Nar Shaddaa, the "Smuggler's Moon"—operations made possible by Krayn's seemingly inexhaustible supply of slaves.
Attatag Gosem was a male Gotal who won the Big Game, a gladiatorial event on The Wheel space station, for three consecutive years around 130 ABY. The competition was abolished when The Wheel changed ownership, and Gosem turned to a life of crime, working as a spy and information broker. Rumors stated that he worked with the One Sith. Gosem became the newest administrator of The Wheel around 138 ABY after the disappearance of the previous one, Pol Temm, and re-instituted the Big Game. Rules were rarely enforced under his leadership, and the station fell into a squalid and rusty state.Attatag Gosem was a male Gotal who lived around the year 130 ABY. He competed in and won the Big Game—a brutal gladiatorial event that took place on The Wheel, a popular space station in the Besh Gorgon system—for three consecutive years. However, the station passed into the hands of a new administrator, Pol Temm, around 130 ABY, and the Big Game was abolished. Gosem turned to a life of crime and became a known spy and information broker. He was rumored to work with the One Sith. Around 138 ABY, Temm disappeared after trying to enforce his "no weapons" policy with a Defender-class Star Destroyer against a group of Mandalorian Supremacists, and Gosem took his place, becoming The Wheel's twelfth administrator. His suspected Sith affiliations caused some to be suspicious of his return, but when he revoked the ban on the Big Game, many were pleased. Gosem largely did away with imposing rules aboard The Wheel, and the station accordingly fell into a decrepit state of squalor and rust.Attatag Gosem was a beefy individual who won the Big Game three years running. His return to The Wheel led to both suspicion and praise, respectively due to his rumored allegiance to the Sith and his re-institution of the the Big Game. Gosem carried a blaster pistol, wore dark armor, and sported a microphone headset.
Min Gost was a male Sullustan who worked as an information broker, operating from Kuzbar's Cantina on the moon Nar Shaddaa. Following the murder of the Hutt Popara Anjiliac Diresto, a group of individuals that were investigating his death paid Gost to give them some information.
Gotspar was a Herglic who worked as a bartender at the Green Mist Tavern on Lamuir IV. For the right price he was also an information broker.
Graysom was male Hoopaloo informant for the Rebel Alliance. After his ship was possessed by an unknown entity, he was rescued by Hera Syndulla and Kanan Jarrus. At the time of the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire, Graysom owned a starship christened Hoopaloo Nest, and acted as an informant for the Rebel Alliance. At some point, he managed to secure Imperial data which he supposed to hand to the human Jedi Knight Kanan Jarrus and the Twi'lek pilot Hera Syndulla, both of whom belonged to the rebel Spectre cell. However, as the Hoopaloo Nest flew near an asteroid field, a mysterious decorporalized entity took over the ship's droid brain. Deathly afraid, Graysom jumped into an escape pod and allowed the Nest to crash onto the surface of an asteroid. Some time later, Jarrus and Syndulla came to the asteroid belt looking for him, and Graysom sent a distress signal. Once aboard his rescuers' ship, the Ghost, the informant discovered with horror that the entity had transferred itself from the Nest to the Ghost. He, Syndulla and Jarrus were almost blown into the vacuum of space when the spirit opened the cargo bay's door, but the astromech droid Chopper managed to close them in extremis. Immediately thereafter, Graysom stayed with Jarrus while Syndulla and Chopper went to the ship's cockpit to try and understand what was happening with the computer. However, the spirit locked both the informant and the Jedi in the latter's cabin. Graysom suggested that Jarrus use his Jedi lightsaber to cut through the door, but the weapon was stuck out in the corridor. Nevertheless, Jarrus used the Force to manipulate the lightsaber from the other side of the door, and started cutting their way out. Meanwhile, in the cockpit, the entity took over Chopper, and started torturing Syndulla. The Twi'lek pilot, however, tricked the spirit into possessing the holocron of Jarrus, which lay on the floor. Right when the entity realized that it was trapped in a holocron devoid of power, the Jedi entered the cockpit, lightsaber in hand, and Graysom followed soon afterwards.
Grees was a Squib who, along with Sligh and Emala, formed the dubious group the Directors. For a while they made their profits by selling information they had collected to the New Republic Intelligence, but later they found a new break on Tatooine. In 8 ABY, the Squibs "helped" Han and Leia Solo during their skirmishes on Tatooine while trying to obtain the moss painting Killik Twilight. They realized that selling information to the Imperial Remnant would be more profitable, and later started Second Mistake Enterprises. After surviving the Yuuzhan Vong War he became a war profiteer along with Sligh and Emala during the Killik-Chiss Swarm War. After being sabotaged by the Solos, they took out a bounty on each of the family's heads.Providing it to the New Republic Intelligence (NRI) agency, the trio worked out of Tatooine. Grees accompanied Leia Organa Solo and her husband, Han Solo, to Tatooine, in attempting to capture a lone group of Imperials in search of the Killik Twilight. After their debacle with the Solos, the Squibs decided that selling art to the Imperials would garner them wealth and knowledge about the secretive Imperial Remnant. Aligned with the Invisible Shell, they did nothing to correct the NRI's assumption that it was Ludlo Lebauer providing the artworks to the Empire, because it allowed for a distraction from their organization. Grees, however, became too greedy and wasted their scapegoat by becoming his prisoner. Frozen in carbonite, Emala and Sligh once more manipulated the Solos in order for them to help them. Arranging a meeting via their NRI contacts, the Squibs and the Solos met on Pavo Prime and agreed to combine forces in order to re-obtain Grees and ten Alderaanian boasas. After completing the mission, the Directors quickly fled for the Outer Rim. After the Yuuzhan Vong invasion, the group formed a new organization known as Second Mistake Enterprises. Hired by the Colony to transport spinglass sculptures to the rest of the galaxy, they were responsible for the near disastrous invasion of Galactic Alliance capital ships by Gorog assassins. After they were reprimanded, the Directors planned several assassination plots against Han, Leia, and Jaina Solo, all of which failed.
Grinner was a male who lived during the Galactic Civil War between the Galactic Empire and Alliance to Restore the Republic. He was a former smuggler and information broker.
Sti Groon was a male of unknown species from the planet Dandrian. He was known as the foremost newsmonger of the galaxy on his home planet due to the fact that nothing went on in Lon Drasna without him knowing. Groon was rather lanky and sly looking, with a frog-like appearance complete with bulging eyes and green, wrinkled skin. He talked with a strong lisp and enjoyed all types of games, often betting on the illicit swoop races that occurred in Lon Drasna. Though he had no love for the Galactic Empire, he also did not want to side with the Rebellion and referred to it as a "goody-goody organissssation". When a group of Rebels came to the planet Dandrian looking for Admiral Joser, they soon discovered that the only person who knew his location was Groon. The group managed to learn the directions to Groon's formex residence from an Imperial Gamorrean informant whom they captured after a swoop chase. When they arrived, Groon was sitting atop a pile of cushions in the back of a large, sparesely furnished room. He informed them that he was more than happy to tell them where Joser was being kept if they handed him 5,000 credits; after all, this was his job. He also let them know that, if they did not have the money, he would be willing to partake in one of two contests. The first was a simple game of vrax where one member of the group would simply have to win in a total of five rounds. The second contest he suggested was simply a fight to the death between one member of the group and his champion, which he failed to inform them was a Bonecrusher. The Rebel would be able to choose between a mace, spear, gaderffii, knife, axe, or sword to defeat the champion, but would not be able to use his or her own weapon. After he informed them that Joser was being held in the Alpha-Omega Prison in Dandrian's Ring, the group immediately left to rescue him.
Haako was a Chadra-Fan male who worked as an informant and scout during the Second Imperial Civil War. A long-time inhabitant of the Wheel, he kept no strict allegiance to any faction and worked for everyone who offered him credits at a given time. In 137 ABY, he provided information about the former Jedi Cade Skywalker to Jor Torlin, an agent for Sith Intelligence and Assassination, confirming that Skywalker was aboard the space station. After this, Haako proceeded to use his network of informants in an effort to determine Skywalker's location, per Torlin's instructions. Haako, a Chadra-Fan male, was born at some point before the end of the Sith–Imperial War. After the war's final battle in 130 ABY, Haako set up residence in the Wheel, a large space station located in the Besh Gorgon system in the Mid Rim. During this time, he made his living as an informant and scout for various employers, always willing to sell his information to anyone who could pay him in credits. Haako's services were used on occasion by the Sith agent Jor Torlin, a former Sith adept working for the intelligence division of Darth Krayt's Galactic Empire. Seven years later, during the Second Imperial Civil War, Haako contacted Torlin and informed him that the bounty hunter and former Jedi Cade Skywalker, for whom the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Krayt was searching, was aboard the Wheel. The Chadra-Fan was instructed by Torlin to keep track of Skywalker's whereabouts. However, Skywalker left the station and Haako was unable to ascertain the bounty hunter's destination. Haako met with Torlin, who gave the Chadra-Fan a flimsiplast of Skywalker's portrait to confirm whether Haako had seen the same individual. Haako confirmed this and then left Torlin after being instructed by the agent to keep searching for Skywalker's location and to find out if he had been seen with any companions. Haako used his structure of informers in an attempt to find Skywalker. The Chadra-Fan male Haako was an enthusiastic individual whose loyalty was for sale, depending on the amount of credits a potential employer was offering. He made sure he was cognizant of the people who visited the Wheel, always seeking to use his information as a potential means of income. He could speak and understand Basic and the Chadra-Fan. Haako possessed a hold-out blaster pistol, a comlink, a credit chip, and a datapad.
Hatchepants was a diminutive red-skinned humanoid information broker living in the Quarren Sector of Crevasse City on Kalkovak in 1 BBY. He conversed briefly with Han Solo concerning the location of Illyan Webble during the hunt for the Yavin Vassilika.
Helfin Hundi was a Nikto who operated in Coronet City, Corellia sometime after 0 BBY. An information broker, he was engaged in selling Imperial shipping manifests to the Rebellion. He was arrested by a bounty hunter working on behalf of Captain Gilad Pellaeon.
I-5YQ, or I-Five, was a modified 5YQ-series protocol droid that had his creative dampeners disabled by information broker Lorn Pavan. Finding a kindred spirit in I-Five, Lorn made him his business partner and treated the droid as an equal. The partnership would not last, however, as Lorn was murdered by the Sith Lord Darth Maul after the duo became involved in Trade Federation officer Hath Monchar's plot to sell details of the impending Trade Federation blockade of Naboo. Knowing that he would not survive the ordeal, Lorn entrusted I-Five to Sakiyan restaurant owner and small-time criminal Tuden Sal before his death, but was betrayed, as Sal had long coveted the droid. Sal immediately wiped I-Five's memory and set about reprogramming him. But before the reprogramming could occur, Sal was destroyed financially and consequently he sold the droid to a spice smuggler. During the Clone Wars I-Five worked as a medical assistant at RMSU7 where he met Sullustan reporter Den Dhur and Jedi Padawan Barriss Offee. By the end of the Battle of Drongar I-Five had regained the wiped memories. After the battle he set for Coruscant to deliver a vial of bota to the Jedi Temple and to fulfill his promise to Lorn Pavan - to watch over his son who had been taken for training by the Jedi Order. Around 19 BBY I-Five and his friend Den Dhur were searching the undercity of Imperial Center for the young Jedi. After they found Jax at Rokko the Hutt's stronghold I-5 convinced Jax to allow him and Den to help him. I-Five and his friend then joined the Whiplash and helped transport beings off of Coruscant. While arranging for safe passage of a light sculptor Ves Volette and his lover Dejah Duare they got involved in the investigation of Volette's murder. Some time later Tuden Sal contacts Jax Pavan and his team hoping to enlist I-Five's help in a plot to assassinate Emperor Palpatine. I-Five agrees, after an initial conflict with the other members of the team, hoping to avenge his friend. At the same time Darth Vader sends the Inquisitor Probus Tesla after Jax Pavan and I-Five. During the Duel at Rainbow Parkway and Gallery Row Pavan finds out that I-Five has a Force-signature. Аlthough this meant that he could be sensed through the Force I-Five and Pavan decided to go through with the assassination attempt. But when their friend Gray Paladin Laranth Tarak and young Force-adept Kajin Savaros were captured by Tesla and Vader the mission became a rescue one. During the following confrontation I-Five was damaged and was later repaired by Whiplash mechanics. I-5YQ was at first owned by a family that assigned him as the guardian of its spoiled children, who would often ask I-Five to jump from the roof to see how high he would bounce. Later I-Five was purchased by information broker Lorn Pavan, who was hoping to find information he could sell. After purchasing I-Five, Lorn made several modifications to the droid, like the ability to shoot lasers from his fingertips, to emitting a high frequency sound that could either cure a hangover or cause debilitating pain. Lorn treated him less like a droid and more like a business partner. In 32 BBY, Lorn and I-Five came into the possession of a holocron that detailed the planned blockade of Naboo from the Neimoidian Hath Monchar. As a result, Lorn and I-Five were hunted by the Sith Lord Darth Maul, who wanted to recover the holocron. Along with the Jedi Padawan Darsha Assant, the trio escaped to the city's underlevels with the Sith on their trail. After being cornered by the Sith, Assant sacrificed herself to give Lorn and I-Five a chance to escape. Devastated by the Jedi's death, Lorn deactivated I-Five to prevent the droid from accompanying him to avenge Assant. He entrusted I-Five to one of his contacts, Tuden Sal, with instructions to bring I-Five to the Jedi Temple, before going after the Sith. But Sal, who had long coveted I-Five, wiped his memory instead for his own personal use. I-5YQ ended up in the employ of spice smugglers on the Kessel Run, and after authorities seized and sold the droid, he wound up in the employ of a noble family of Naboo. Years later, during the Clone Wars, I-Five showed up on the planet Drongar, working as a medical assistant at RMSU-7. There he befriended Sullustan reporter Den Dhur, surgeons Jos Vondar and Zan Yant, nurse Tolk le Trene, and Jedi Padawan Barriss Offee. Under the tutelage of the hard-drinking Dhur, I-Five successfully got himself electronically drunk one night at the Rimsoo's cantina and managed to have one of his arms pulled out of its socket by a Wookiee. Slowly but surely, I-Five was regaining his lost memories, and by the end of the Battle of Drongar, he remembered nearly everything about his past, including a promise he had made to Lorn, which was to watch over his son, Jax Pavan, who was in training as a Padawan at the Jedi Temple. Upon hearing of this, Offee gave a sample of the wonder drug bota to I-Five and ordered him to deliver it to the Temple for examination so that the droid would have a plausible excuse for shirking his medical duties. I-Five then left Drongar for Coruscant with his new friend Dhur by his side. I-Five met Jax at Rokko the Hutt's stronghold in the Yaam Sector of Coruscant after impressing Rokko with his sabacc skills. I-Five eventually convinced Jax to allow him to join him, after saving Jax's life several times in an effort to locate the rogue droid 10-4TO, who had been obtained by Prince Xizor, an operative of Black Sun. I-Five, Dhur, Jax, and a Twi'lek Gray Paladin named Laranth Tarak joined the Whiplash resistance group in an effort to assist people who wished to escape Coruscant. I-Five also assisted Jax in the hunt for the killer of Ves Volette, a famed Caamasi light sculptor. The murderer eventually turned out to be the protocol droid of the Umber family, in response to the family fortune plummeting due to the purchase of several Volette sculptures. Around that time Sal learned of I-Five's survival and formulated a plan to use him as an assassin in a plot against Palpatine. At first I-Five was hostile towards Sal, and held him at laserpoint. Dejah, Den and Rhinann were against. Den pointed out that I-Five was an older model than those at Palpatine's court, Rhinann said that the plan was too risky and Dejah told them that if the plan failed, Palpatine's attention would fall on the Whiplash. As Sal presented his plan, I-Five said that he would hear out everyone's opinions before deciding whether he would participate or not, however he would favor Jax's view. Jax said that he doesn't know what his answer will be. After a meeting with Whiplash's leader Thi Xon Yimmon, Pavan decides against. When he told this to I-Five, Jax triggered a message from his father. After listening to the message, he made up his mind and told I-Five that they would go ahead with the assassination attempt. Meanwhile, Dejah and Rhinann had taken the young Force-adept Kajin Savaros, who Pavan has been training, for a walk, and were attacked by three Inquisitors - Yral Chael, Mas Sirrah, and Probus Tesla. Soon after the battle between the Inquisitors, Kaj and Laranth begun, Jax and I-Five arrived on the scene on Police prefect Pol Haus's airspeeder. I-Five killed one of the Inquisitors with his fingertip lasers. During the battle, both Pavan and Tesla sensed a strange Force-echo coming from I-Five. This made Jax rethink his approval of Sal's plan, since I-Five could be sensed through the Force, and thus was not the perfect assassin Sal thought him to be. However, Sal still wanted to proceed with his plan and tried to think of a way for I-Five to kill Palpatine, regardless of what Pavan and Tesla thought. He decided the only way to accomplish this would be to strip I-Five of his programming to his basic level, which would have also made it impossible for him to harm an organic being. The only way around that would be for I-Five to have a handler who would reinstate his programing when he was close to the Emperor, thus killing Palpatine. However, when I-Five's sentience is restored, Palpatine would easily be able to sense and destroy him. Jax is concerned for I-Five's soul, and is reluctant to have I-Five's programing removed. While Pavan and Sal argued, I-Five cut in and asked how Sal was planning to get him past the Senate's security. Sal proposes to disguise I-Five as a part of a delegation. Since Pavan insisted on being I-Five's handler, they decided to disguise Pavan as an Inquisitor. Meanwhile, Laranth took Kaj to a gallery which would serve as a safe house for the young adept. Along the way they were ambushed by Inquisitors and captured. Unknown to anyone, Dejah was the one who had betrayed Kaj and Laranth to Vader. When Pavan found out that Laranth and Kaj were captured, together with I-Five, he went to speak with Yimmon, and Rhinann was left to inform Sal about the change in the plan - from a assassination plot to a rescue mission. While they were planning the operation, I-Five pointed out that Laranth and Kaj were bait for him and Pavan, and proposes a trade - himself for the Gray Paladin and the boy. They knew that Vader would set some kind of a trap, so they decided to consider it in their plan. When Sal asked to include the Emperor's presence on the site so the droid could kill him, I-Five suggested to leak information about the bota to Palpatine, thus making sure he would be there. In the end, the idea of trade was accepted and they contacted the Dark Lord. It was decided that Dejah would escort the droid, since she had the best chance of keeping Kaj calm and Rhinann. They were escorted by Inquisitors to an abandoned docking chamber control room, where Vader, Tesla, Kaj, Laranth and Palpatine were waiting. Rhinann had wondered why I-Five wasn't firing, before he realized that the Emperor was only a hologram, which promptly disappeared. Vader then asked Dejah who has the bota, and reveals that she was the traitor. While Vader tortures Laranth, Pavan, who had been disguised as one of the escorting Inquisitors, reactivated I-Five's personality. When Vader demanded that Pavan would tell the droid to give him the bota, I-Five said that he did not have it. Vader was interested in the fact that he could read I-Five's intentions as emotions, and that he was very protective of what he holds dear. The Sith Lord then threatened to make I-Five watch as he destroys the droid's friends, unless he told him who has the bota. I-Five had given the bota to Laranth for safekeeping, and after a mental touch by Pavan, she surrendered it to Vader. When Vader demanded to be given a pyronium crystal Anakin Skywalker had given Jax Pavan years earlier, and the Sith Holocron, I-Five informed him that they don't have it. Although he didn't have the holocron, which contained the information on how to combine the effects the bota and the pyronium, Vader injected himself with the bota. The effect made Vader toss out Force energy in random directions. One of his shots sent a durasteel frame down on I-Five, trapping the droid. Another shattered the window and one hit the EMP field that had been scrambling Laranth's Force-senses, and the other had killed Dejah. While Pavan battled away Vader's Force blasts, I-Five used the laser in his one remaining arm to work his way free. The arrival of Den Dhur and a Whiplash team led by Yimmon distracted the Dark Lord, and the surprise attack of the enraged Rhinann sent the Sith Lord over the edge of the broken window. The damages inflicted on I-Five were repaired by Whiplash's mechanics, and I-Five received some new modifications - monofilament line, a small automatic slugthrower and the ability to shoot streams of non-lethal gases.
Imperial Informants were Imperial citizens that were recruited to report on suspicious behavior. They didn't receive the same training as other Imperial agents and were just normal citizens that had been given some basic combat training. They wore plain clothes so that they could infiltrate crowds. They were also issued blasters, although these were poorly concealed. Some were present on Sel Zonn Station.
Jergo was a Kubaz male who earned a living as an information broker in Mos Espa on Tatooine.
Jeseej was a male Sljee who operated as a forger, fortune teller, and information dealer. The owner of the restaurant Zlato's Place on Coruscant, Jeseej used it as a front for his forgery business. He was very knowledgeable about the Coruscant underworld and had a reputation among his clients for being trustworthy and providing useful information. A Force-sensitive, Jeseej also granted clients readings of their future for a fee.The male Sljee Jeseej had for years owned the restaurant Zlato's Place on Coruscant. Zlato's Place specialized in Toydarian dishes, and a dozen Toydarians worked there. However, this restaurant was merely a front for Jeseej's forgery company, and as such, he was comfortable with the fact that the restaurant consistently failed to make a profit. In addition to the twelve Toydarians, Jeseej employed two Squibs able to duplicate an ID card in less than an hour and had a reputation as a skilled forger. In order to meet with the Sljee, a client had to give the correct password to Jessej's Toydarian host, and then pick a certain entrée off a special menu. Only then would the individual be led to see Jeseej in a small room beyond the kitchen. Jeseej was also Force-sensitive and ran a side business as a fortune teller, using his connection to the Force to predict the future for clients of the Coruscant underworld. These customers found his premonitions to be trustworthy, and many of them began focusing their black-market operations around his predictions. Jeseej had a great deal of knowledge about the Coruscant Underworld and was happy to share information in exchange for a healthy sum of credits. He was very careful to avoid attracting the attention of planetary security officials, cautiously running his businesses in secrecy.One of the few Sljee on Coruscant, Jeseej was very well-versed in the Coruscant underlevels. He had a strong will and was skilled at gathering information. Due to this, he gained a reputation as a talented and trustworthy forger and information dealer who provided useful news. As a fortune teller, Jeseej was highly valued, and his clients found his premonitions to be advantageous and uncannily accurate. His restaurant employees were very loyal to him. Though his restaurant was unprofitable, Jeseej was unconcerned, as its true goal was to serve as a front for his less-than-legal dealings. Like all Sljee, Jeseej was blind, forcing him to require on his sense of touch and hearing. He resembled a gray table with tentacles and stumpy legs, a trait shared by all members of his species. Like other Sljee, he was easily mistaken for a motile plant or a sort of bizarre animal. He could speak both Sljee and Galactic Basic Standard, was skilled at repairing machines, and had knowledge of organic biology.
Lak Jit was a male Devaronian information broker, who worked indirectly for Talon Karrde. In 19 ABY, he unearthed several old datacards while excavating the Mount Tantiss on the planet Wayland. It was revealed later that he had found a copy of the Caamas Document. Leia managed to catch him with the assistance of Talon Karrde. She recovered the document but this didn't prevent the Caamas Document Crisis.
Queen Jool was the Hutt owner of two cantinas who doubled as an information broker and also a member of the Hutt Grand Council during the Second Imperial Civil War.Early lifeJool was a female Hutt who spent several years running Rik's Cantina on Coruscant, where she enforced a strict no-fighting policy. The self-proclaimed Queen's left eye had been replaced by a jeweled and feathered cybernetic implant that allowed her to observe the cantina's goings-on. She lived in a swamp below the bar, but being in the Underlevels required an escort to get there safely. A Nautolan, Jak, served as her bodyguard with unquestionable loyalty, and Queen Jool was friendly with her bartender Finn as well. In their days serving Rav, Cade Skywalker, and Jariah Syn made frequent visits to Rik's, as did spacers Chak and Kee, becoming friends with all of them, taking a special fondness for Skywalker. In her days as Imperial Intelligence agent "Morrigan Corde," Nyna Calixte would often come to Jool for information. After freeing himself from Rav's service, Cade became the captain of his own ship, the Mynock. With Syn and Zeltron Deliah Blue, the three continued to frequent Jool's presence. Upon his visit to Coruscant to rescue the Bothan Jedi Hosk Trey'lis, Cade Skywalker gave Jool the access codes to the Mynock. Cade trusted Jool to give the codes to Syn and Blue if he did not return, which she did after Cade freed them from the Sith Temple. R2-D2 then played a holorecording from Cade to the two, telling them to take the Mynock and flee Coruscant. Chak and Kee then arrived, intent on retrieving their ship, the Grinning Liar, which they had rented to the crew for their flight off Bastion. However, they had lost it to Rav when he betrayed them, and so Syn offered the Mynock. The Wookiee and the Devaronian were not interested, however, and said they would help rescue Cade if they were promised the Grinning Liar afterwards. Reaching an agreement, the four, Artoo, Jak, and Jool then began formulating a plan to retrieve Cade from the Temple. They weren't sure where to start, however, until Morrigan Corde, sitting at their table with a large stack of credits, spoke up, surprising everyone and causing them to draw their blasters on her. Jool exclaimed not to shoot her yet, as she began reaching for her files before remembering Corde's identity. Jool introduced her as an Imperial Intelligence agent she speculated was retired, as she had not seen her for two decades. Corde reminded her that she hadn't seen her now, and taking the money, Jool asked Jak to escort her home. With her help, the motley crew formulated a plan which was ultimately successful in the end. Later, Jool opened a new cantina on Zeltros called the Paradise. There she welcomed Cade, Syn, and Blue after their run in with Corde on Tatooine. Jool explained that with the Sith tightening their control over the galaxy, legal supplies were becoming scarce, making her business very profitable. She also expressed her appreciation for the Zeltron people, especially the males. Shortly afterwards, Rav appeared with some henchmen. Jool told Cade that while she loved him, his rowdiness in her cantinas were becoming costly, and asked him to keep the damages to a minimum. He obliged, knocking them out by throwing one off the waterfall and chopping the other in the neck. Rav then offered Cade and his crew a mission on Wayland for one million credits.{{Quote|My apologies, sweets patogga. I may have spoken too highly of you.""'''S okay Jools… I know you love me.|Jool and Cade Skywalker|Legacy 49}}Following the death of Azzim Anjiliac Atirue during a Sith Imperial massive attack on Da Soocha and Napdu, Jool contacted Cade. She asked him to meet her and other Hutt leaders on Nal Hutta in the headquarters of Vedo Anjiliac Atirue, leader of the Anjiliac Atirue. There, after being separated from his companions, several of Vedo's security droids attacked Cade. Nevertheless, Skywalker easily dispatched them with his lightsaber. Vedo apologized for the trap, stating that he needed to test if Cade was really as good as Jool claimed he was. Jool herself also apologized to Cade, stating that she perhaps spoke of him too highly. Skywalker promptly forgave her. Vedo then asked Cade to kill Vul Isen, whom Cade was already hunting for his role in the Genocide on Dac, as an agent of the Hutts. Skywalker accepted, and ultimately killed Isen on Utapau.Jool was sly, flirtatious, and suave. As might be expected of a being which profited from information, she had a certain insight into psychology and motivation. She was fond of Cade, though, and despite the traditionally mercenary behavior of Hutts, it appeared genuine. She welcomed him and his friends everytime they paid her a visit, and even gave him drinks on the house. Cade trusted her with the Mynock codes, and she gave them to Syn and Blue like he asked. When Vedo had his droids attack Cade to test him, Jool apologized for boasting a little too much about him. She was, nevertheless, not above scolding him, asking him to avoid causing too much damage in her cantinas.
Kaalah-Nah was a diminutive yet knowledgeable Chadra-Fan information broker on Nar Shaddaa. She met Meetra Surik near the Pazaak Den, into which she was not permitted. She offered to put a bad word in to the Exchange for Surik, for the right price. Kaalah-Nah eventually helped out T3-M4 by selling him to Vogga claiming she won him in a Pazaak game.
Kardue'sai'Malloc was a Devaronian army captain and devoted music aficionado with a massive collection of rare recordings. When his unit was deployed against a rebellion on Devaron, Malloc captured seven hundred rebel men, women, and children in the city of Montellian Serat and shelled the city. Interpreting his orders to move on without the prisoners as double-speak ordering their executions, he had all the prisoners rounded up and killed, earning him the nickname "The Butcher of Montellian Serat." Malloc resigned from the military and fled his world's retribution, spending years following his favorite musical performers across the galaxy and avoiding bounty hunters seeking to collect the five-million-credit bounty placed on him. He eventually settled on Tatooine, where he lived under the alias "Labria" and made a living as an information broker. Regarded as the worst spy in Mos Eisley, he spent most of his time drunk in Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina. When Figrin D'an and the Modal Nodes, one of Malloc's favorite groups, arrived on Tatooine in 0 BBY, he masterminded an elaborate scheme to steal them from Jabba the Hutt's employ and force them into a contract playing at Chalmun's. When a chance encounter with a Devaronian mercenary in 17 ABY caused him to be recognized, Malloc killed the mercenary and his companions and fled to Peppel, a remote world. He lived behind tight security, knowing that renowned bounty hunter Boba Fett was on his trail; Fett finally tracked Malloc down and captured him in 19 ABY. Malloc was returned to Devaron, where his family and several thousand Devaronians watched approvingly as he was cast into a pit of starving quarra and consumed alive.Becoming the Butcher Kardue'sai'Malloc was born to the Kardue family of Devaron, the third member thereof to carry his name; he had the unusual characteristic of possessing both male and female sets of teeth, a genetic throwback. He had at least one brother growing up. The Kardues had a long and proud tradition of military service stretching back sixteen generations, one which Malloc decided to carry on. He joined the Devaronian Army, rising to the rank of captain. Military life agreed with Malloc, aside from the necessity of putting Devaronian troops under Imperial command when the Galactic Civil War reached Devaron. Malloc was a fanatic lover of music and an avid collector of recordings. He built up a vast library of musical recordings by famed artists over the years. Many of his copies were rare and expensive; some were the sole existing recordings of a particular performance. Music was his great passion and what he considered to be his reason for living and could achieve transcendent experiences listening to beloved recordings. A great many of his recordings were of music suppressed and destroyed by the Empire as seditious. Malloc married, producing a daughter, Mika'sai'Malloc, though he was not close with his family. When the Rebellion sprang up on Devaron, Malloc's unit was among those combating it under the direction of the Empire's forces. He commanded the siege of the ancient city of Montellian Serat, where a group of Rebels had fortified themselves. Malloc shelled the city overnight, at dawn offering a chance to surrender. The seven hundred beleaguered Rebels accepted, and Malloc placed them under guard in a holding pen he had erected. A group of Rebels was still fighting not far to the south, and Malloc feared a possible rescue attempt. On Imperial orders, he shelled Montellian Serat to rubble in order to make an example. At noon that same day he received orders from his Imperial commanders to intercept the second group of Rebels, which was moving north; he was not to leave guards behind for the captured Rebels. Malloc interpreted this as very clear double-speak ordering him to execute the prisoners, which he did, having his guards open fire. Within five minutes all seven hundred were dead and, leaving them unburied, Malloc proceeded to the next battle. Malloc knew that this act had effectively ended his military career. Six months later, when the Rebels were finally eliminated entirely, he submitted his resignation. Reviled among his people as a war criminal, he knew he would be put on trial with his resignation; he also knew that his request to resign could make him guilty of treason against the Empire. With his choices equally bad, he was indifferent to the outcome; he simply had no desire to stay in the army. His resignation was accepted and he vanished before anyone could take action against him, leaving his family behind. The Alliance to Restore the Republic placed a five million credit bounty on Malloc, who had acquired the epithet "The Butcher of Montellian Serat". This was a significant sum, enough to incite Boba Fett himself to pursue Malloc during the Galactic Civil War, though he was persuaded to seek other quarry. Malloc took his vast music collection with him when he left and used his flight to further his great passion, seeing various artists on tour. He considered there to be no more than six great living artists he had never seen live. He spent five years following Maxa Jandovar, a noted vandfillist and political opponent of the Empire, on her informal tour, but always missed her. Malloc was on Tatooine preparing to follow her to Morvogodine when he heard that she had been arrested and died in custody there. Malloc stayed on Tatooine, where he lived under the alias of "Labria" to avoid bounty hunters. The term was an obscene one in Devaronese, meaning "cold food". He had not originally intended to stay there, but simply never left, eventually settling down for good in Mos Eisley; he did consider his distance from Devaron and relative anonymity as distinct advantages in staying safe. He became a regular patron of Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina despite his profound distaste for the musical entertainment offered and was regularly the first patron in the door on mornings. He regarded the bartender there, Wuher, as his best friend. He enjoyed Wuher's general distaste for the universe at large and considered him something of a kindred spirit; Wuher regarded "Labria" as a friend as well and was sometimes amused at Malloc's continual jokes. Malloc spent much of his time in the cantina drinking; the cantina claimed to supply his favorite alcohol, Merenzane Gold. Though the substance was not genuine Merenzane Gold, he drank it anyway. Malloc kept an apartment near the cantina. Used to a cold environment on Devaron, it was heavily cooled. Malloc maintained a sanctuary in a secret room behind the refresher where he stored his massive music collection and to which he retreated after days at the cantina to enjoy musical bliss. He kept his finances, some five thousand credits, in a bank account under the reverse of his alias—"Airbal". Malloc took up the trade of an information broker, spying and picking up tidbits of information, though he never bothered to verify his sources; he readily admitted that he was not much good at it, and his peers agreed. Local crimelord Jabba Desilijic Tiure referred to Malloc as his "least favorite spy" but occasionally took information from him. Malloc used his reputation as a perpetual drunkard to his advantage, frequently faking inebriation to gain information. Malloc was able to make some money through the occupation, frequently selling information about Jabba to Garindan, the preeminent spy in Mos Eisley. The information generally turned out useless; each blamed the other for mishandling the tips, but Malloc continued to be Garindan's primary source for reports about Jabba. At one point, he became involved in a scam in which he and Oxbel, one of only two other Devaronians on Tatooine, pretended to be brothers who had arrived on Tatooine for gambling purposes; the scam did not play out. One day in 0 BBY, Malloc was approached by Garindan, who told Malloc that he wanted to sell him information. He quickly realized that it regarded music and readily paid the fifty credits the other spy demanded. When Garindan revealed his information, Malloc was ecstatic to learn that Figrin D'an and the Modal Nodes were on Tatooine, playing for Jabba the Hutt. Malloc regarded them as the greatest jizz band in the galaxy and was determined to see them. Returning to his apartment at the end of the day, he played Modal Nodes recordings in anticipation of seeing them perform. The next day, Malloc went to see the Hutt. He offered Jabba the services of Obron Mettlo, a Moorin mercenary he had encountered the previous day. The crimelord agreed, and Malloc promised to bring Mettlo by for dinner and entertainment; Jabba told Malloc that he was not invited to the meeting. Morose at his inability to see the band, Malloc went back to Chalmun's Cantina and drank, dreading the thought of the Hutt, whose musical tastes he did not regard highly, feeding the band to his rancor. When he heard that Jabba loved the Modal Nodes, Malloc was even more despondent at the fact that they were playing regular engagements nearby and he had no way of seeing them. After five days of bitterness and heavy drinking, Malloc was beaten and robbed in an alleyway behind the cantina while inebriated. Wuher found him and carried him back to his apartment, where Malloc spent the whole night, depressed, in the cold shower. Feeling horrible, Malloc did not leave his apartment for days, recovering. He was frightened to go outdoors, fearing that he would be preyed upon as a weakling if news got out of his mugging. When his arm had finally healed weeks later, he ventured out; his food supply was running low. Going to the cantina early as was his custom, he was greeted by Wuher as the first patron. His friend offered him a drink on the house, and Malloc was completely shocked to find that Wuher had presented him with a glass of genuine Merenzane Gold as a welcome-back gift. He savored the drink while he caught up on the news—Mettlo had picked a fight with some other guards and been killed, worrying Malloc that Jabba might seek retribution. When Garindan mentioned that Lady Valarian, the Hutt's local rival, was getting married, Malloc had an idea come to him. He approached Wuher and asked if the bartender would like to have quality live entertainment cheap and explained his plan; Wuher agreed. Malloc approached Valarian and convinced her to hire the Modal Nodes for her wedding, playing on her desire to outdo Jabba. He sent a messenger droid to the Modal Nodes recruiting them, and on the morning of the wedding he tipped Jabba off to the fact that the band was working Valarian's wedding. He gave Wuher the invitation to the wedding that Valarian had provided him, and instructed him to bring the band back and offer them a contract when Jabba had the wedding broken up. The plan went off perfectly, with Malloc watching the wedding and tripping the stormtroopers who came after Wuher and the Modal Nodes during their escape. As part of their deal, Malloc received seven free drinks a day as long as they played; he extended the likelihood of their staying longer by winning the band's instruments in a game of sabacc with Figrin D'an, played using cards marked in the infrared spectrum, which Devaronians could see but Bith could not. Malloc was annoyed with the first day of music, which was interrupted by fights involving Obi-Wan Kenobi and Han Solo, but as the evening approached the Modal Nodes hit their stride, knowing they had a dedicated fan in the audience who actually appreciated their music. Malloc's plan had played out perfectly. A short time afterwards, Malloc accompanied the Stennes Shifter Trinto Duaba to his favorite cantina during the night shift. However, an Imperial curfew had been enacted on the Tatoo system, and the cantina was closed. The night shift bartender, Ackmena, attempted to deny Malloc entry, but he did not accept her decision and pulled a blaster to force his way in. The bouncer Tork attempted to intervene, but Ackmena stopped him from throwing them out, wanting no more violence during her shift. Ackmena was eventually able to get Malloc and the other customers out of the cantina by singing the song Goodnight, But Not Goodbye, accompanied by the Modal Nodes. Malloc was occasionally employed by Slag Flats, a small-time local crimelord. She was a friend of Adar Tallon, who was in hiding on the planet. When the search for Tallon reached Tatooine shortly after Malloc executed the Modal Nodes scam, Malloc came across a party of individuals seeking Tallon. He arranged a rendezvous later in which he led them from the Spaceport Hotel to Tower Ridge on his speeder bike. He directed them to an unused water silo where Flats would be and departed. Malloc was actually in the employ of Jodo Kast, a bounty hunter seeking Tallon, and the rival party was ambushed at the water silo. Malloc learned that Kast had killed Flats, which he regretted. However, he remained on Kast's side and sent a note to the party, which had survived, asking them to meet with Arno, one of Tallon's friends, in the cantina. When they arrived, Kast's team of hunters was also present, and Malloc pointed out the targets and quickly got out of the way as the party was attacked, though he was wounded in the firefight. When the group returned from rescuing Tallon from Kast in the desert, Malloc tipped off Prefect Orun Depp and watched as they were attacked, though the group escaped Tatooine. Whether for this Imperial assistance or other offenses, Alliance Intelligence listed "Labria" as a target of opportunity. When Mos Eisley authorities picked up smuggling kingpin Big Bunji, with whom Malloc had previously done some business, on minor charges, Malloc saw an opportunity to seize Bunji's cargo of valuable espionage matrices for spy droids. He tried to engage a group of spacers to steal the cargo for him, but was interrupted by the arrival of Bunji's agents Voushon, Wrex, and Rait. They dragged him outside, but Malloc insisted he had not been the one to tip off the police about Bunji, and they let him go. The spacers ended up working for Voushon, agreeing to break Bunji out of the Mos Eisley Police Station in exchange for a cut of the hidden cargo. Malloc collaborated with Garindan to track down the matrices, trailing the spacers and, when they noticed him, distracting them with an offer to join forces long enough for Garindan's agents to plant a comlink on one of the group. They rejected his offer, and Garindan disrupted their efforts to rescue Bunji, receiving a payoff from the new prefect, Eugene Talmont. The Empire failed to prevent Bunji's escape, however, and the spacers gained their profit while Malloc's plans were foiled. Malloc entertained some ambitions of selling his skills to the Empire once more as an Imperial agent, though never seriously acted on them. With the Empire's decline after the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY, however, that opportunity was closed, as was his major income source—Jabba was killed around the same time, rendering his supply of information about the Hutt unneeded. He remained quietly on Tatooine. Eventually, in 17 ABY, four mercenaries entered the cantina, one of the two Devaronians among them recognized him as Malloc, and they attempted to take the bounty on his head. By now old but still deadly, Malloc killed them and left the planet. Malloc made his way to Peppel, a remote world where he set up an extensive security system around his simple hut, which did not even have indoor plumbing. He lived off Merenzane Gold and animals he hunted himself; his music collection was buried in a case in the yard. Having heard that legendary bounty hunter Boba Fett was after him, he lived far more carefully than he had on Tatooine, hiding behind the intense security and carrying an assault rife even to go to the pit toilet he had dug outside. He lived this way for two years, remaining wary. In 19 ABY, Fett tracked Malloc to Peppel, where he observed him and prepared an ambush. When Malloc left the hut in the evening to relieve himself, Fett shot him in the shoulder with an arrow—one of the few weapons he could get past Malloc's sensors. As Malloc fell, Fett hamstrung him and forced him to surrender. Malloc was bound and taken into the hut, where he refused to cooperate with Fett and pushed the bounty hunter to kill him. As the bounty was for live capture only, Fett refused. Malloc attempted to barter his music collection for his life; when that failed he made Fett promise to dig it up and sell it to a contact he would provide, the director of the Coruscant University School of Music. He also demanded that Fett bring six bottles of his stock of Merenzane Gold along. Malloc was kept in a cell aboard the Slave IV for the trip to Devaron; he finished the first five bottles early on. His shoulder wound healed, but his leg became infected and could not be treated. Meanwhile, Malloc spent the entire trip dreading what awaited him—execution by quarra. He would be thrown to a pit of the starving hunting beasts, which would eat him alive. Due to Devaronian resiliency, he would be awake and aware through most of it. When they were finally ready to arrive, Fett restrained Malloc and gave him the final bottle of alcohol. When they arrived, he was identified by his daughter as Kardue'sai'Malloc; neither displayed any emotion toward the other. Malloc was turned over to the Devaronian authorities. Utterly terrified but enjoying one last view of the world he missed for so many decades, he was taken before a massive crowd of ten thousand Devaronians at Judgment Field in the ruins of Montellian Serat, accompanied by his daughter and brother. His wife, refusing to have anything to do with him, did not attend. As he was thrown to the quarra, he enjoyed the scenery and made an effort to arch his neck back so the quarra would tear out his throat and let him die quickly. In the pit, he struggled briefly before dying. He was survived by his music, which Fett did distribute to his contact. The School of Music on Coruscant disseminated Malloc's collection into the larger galaxy. Music long suppressed by the Empire, preserved only by Malloc, was published to be enjoyed by the galaxy. Malloc had a tremendous love for music; he considered it his reason for living and found release in listening to recordings from his collection. His other major release was in drink, which he consumed copiously while in exile. He enjoyed military life as well, and though he had no great for love for the Empire he was content to serve it. Though Malloc was not proud of his role in the Battle of Montellian Serat and it pushed him to resign from the military, he took the action of executing the prisoners on his own initiative, not on direct orders. He was consumed by self-pity, both due to guilt over the deaths he had caused and his own loss of a stable life on Devaron. He remembered Devaron fondly and missed its scenery, its way of life, and its women. When he was finally confronted with death, he attempted to justify himself to both himself and Fett, but was plainly suffering from guilt. Malloc did not have much respect for other sentients, especially Humans. He did not even care much for his family. Wuher was his one real friend on Tatooine. He did not enjoy killing for its own sake, however, and when his actions caused Slag Flats to come to her death, he felt bad about it. Malloc did believe in the concept of Grace, however, requiring him to display such virtues as patience and restraint. Malloc was not especially ambitious; he was content to simply follow musicians before he settled on Tatooine, and when he arrived he made a career as an informant but did so without checking his sources or putting much effort into obtaining information. The one thing that could provoke significant effort on his part was music and obtaining it; otherwise he was content to drink, listen to music, and live simply.
Talon Karrde was a smuggler and information broker who dominated the underworld market in information. He began his career in the organization of Jorj Car'das, where he moved quickly through the ranks to become one of Car'das's top lieutenants. When Car'das disappeared in 0 BBY, Karrde quickly and quietly took over the organization to avoid internal feuding. The smuggling and information-brokering organization was already formidable, and when Jabba Desilijic Tiure was killed in 4 ABY, Karrde was able to pick up the most pieces and guide his group to the top spot in the smuggling world. Known as an honest and honorable man, Karrde kept a low profile despite his lofty underworld position. In 9 ABY, Karrde was drawn into the Galactic Civil War, in which he had previously avoided taking sides, when he rescued Luke Skywalker from being stranded in deep space and helped Skywalker avoid capture by Imperial leader Grand Admiral Thrawn, though only after his hand was forced. Thrawn placed a bounty on Karrde, driving him to sell the location of the Katana fleet, a secret he had kept since his days in Car'das's employ, to the New Republic. Karrde then organized the Smugglers' Alliance to represent the smugglers to the New Republic and aid in the battle against Thrawn. When Thrawn was defeated, Karrde remained a valued ally of Skywalker and the Solos but was not trusted by the New Republic leadership as a whole due to his shady past. In 19 ABY, Karrde undertook a mission to find Car'das, whose retribution he had long feared, in order to seek out a copy of the Caamas Document and end the political crisis regarding it. Car'das did not have a copy, but did provide information that was key in exposing the hoax regarding Thrawn's return. In the aftermath of the peace treaty between the New Republic and Imperial Remnant, Karrde turned his organization into an information-sharing agency to maintain trust between the two governments. He lost his valued second-in-command, Mara Jade, in the process as she married Skywalker and took up the Jedi life. When the Yuuzhan Vong invaded six years later, Karrde revived the Smugglers' Alliance to combat the Yuuzhan Vong and played a key role, in partnership with Lando Calrissian and longtime friend Booster Terrik, in helping pro-Jedi Chief of State candidate Cal Omas be elected to office during the crisis. When the Jedi were declared enemies of the Galactic Federation of Free Alliances in 40 ABY, Karrde put his organization at their disposal, having become a staunch ally of the Jedi in contrast to his previous desire for neutrality.Climbing the ranks Born sometime before 31 BBY on a planet Karrde always kept secret—feeling it would cause others to label him politically—Karrde entered a life of crime as a young man. He began his career in the employ of Jorj Car'das, the leader of a smuggling and information-brokering gang. There, Karrde rose through the ranks, gaining much experience in both the smuggling and information-selling trades. In 6 BBY, Karrde was serving as a navigator and sensor specialist aboard one of Car'das's ships under a captain named Hoffner; he ultimately served under Hoffner for two years. On one smuggling mission, Karrde plotted a short blind jump to escape determined pursuit by a pair of Carrack-class cruisers. The jump landed them directly in front of a Dreadnaught-class cruiser; terrified, the ship fled once more, wrecking its hyperdrive in the blind jump and killing several of the crew. It was only when Karrde later examined the sensor records that he realized there had been hundreds of Dreadnaughts present; he had found the legendary lost Katana fleet. He memorized the coordinates before erasing them from the ship's navigation computer; he did not believe any of the other crewmen knew the location. He knew the discovery could make him a rich man, but he did not yet have the resources to adequately exploit his discovery. Karrde also piloted in his early career, drawing a young Ellor into helping him make a smuggling run at one point and so pulling the Duros into the smuggling life. Later, Karrde approached a young Wedge Antilles, attempting to employ him, but Antilles declined; at this point Karrde had an extremely good if low-profile reputation, with no negative rumors widely circulating about him. Despite his quiet manner of operating, Karrde was able to make many contacts throughout the underworld, including such figures as Billey, Samuel Tomas Gillespee, Jett and Fenig Nabon, Par'tah, Lando Calrissian, and Booster Terrik. Karrde did not initially get on well with Terrik, hiring a spacer to rough up the rival information broker and smuggling boss after Terrik meddled in Karrde's business once too often. Their relationship developed into a friendly rivalry over time as their mutual skill and love for information brokering led them to cooperation. Karrde tended to come out ahead in their deals but each considered the other a valued partner. When Terrik was put away on Kessel, Karrde helped Car'das incorporate much of Terrik's network into his own.I, Jedi The underworld was not Karrde's only source of affiliates; he found allies inside the major galactic factions as well, such as Tarn Innis of the Imperial Army's Supply Branch. In 0 BBY, Car'das suddenly disappeared along with his massive private store of information. Karrde, by now one of Car'das's chief lieutenants, conferred with the other lieutenants as to what should happen to the organization as Car'das's absence wore on for three months. A bloody internal squabble nearly developed, and it was suggested each lieutenant take his own portion of the organization and go his own way. Instead, Karrde took over the organization, neutralizing the other lieutenants and announcing his control in a single night. Two lieutenants immediately made attempts to gain back control, which Karrde thwarted and by early 0 ABY had solidified his position. In short order, he acquired a reputation as trustworthy and respectable, as much as any member of the fringe could be considered so. Karrde's operation was not on the scale of Black Sun or the Hutt kajidics, but he was considered a major underworld figure and preeminent information broker, and he had ambitions to expand even more, though he was always keen to keep his profile low and his true power concealed. Only those truly in the know realized his importance, though his stature was brought to the eyes of the Imperial Security Bureau early in his career. Karrde's organization retained the name of the Car'das, at least initially; the name eventually fell out of fashion. Six more takeover attempts by the old lieutenants or their supporters followed between the suppression of the first two and 3 ABY, all of which were thwarted. The leaders of four of them confessed under interrogation to having been backed by Car'das. Karrde was left worried that Car'das wanted his organization back and terrified of his former boss, who had been a ruthless, deadly, and seemingly prescient and unstoppable man. Karrde maintained a scrupulous neutrality in the Galactic Civil War, aiding either side as it profited him but never clearly casting his lot in with any one party; he had no desire to become involved in galactic politics in any significant way. Karrde used the heavily modified bulk freighter Wild Karrde as his flagship, outfitting it for maximum performance. He also had offices installed on the ship from which he worked, sorting the massive amount of information fed to his sensor-stealthed ship. He also maintained the luxurious private yacht Uwana Buyer, though he preferred the Wild Karrde and used the yacht only for undercover missions or impressing potential business partners. During this period, Karrde was loosely associated with some members of Billey's organization in what was sometimes referred to as the Smugglers' Alliance. In 1 ABY, Karrde spent some time in Doaba Guerfel on Corellia, where he recruited an operative to make minor deliveries and aid him in undercutting a Hutt rival, Shalera. He then moved on to Mos Eisley on Tatooine looking for operatives; as Karrde treated his employees very well and was considered a desirable employer, he was able to hire many agents, who returned his loyalty to them with a steadfast fidelity to him. At this time, Karrde had been selling information about Imperial troop movements to the Rebel Alliance. Though he tried to operate evenhandedly, this drew the Galactic Empire's ire when they learned of it, and it placed Karrde on the Emperor's Most Wanted bounty list in response. Zuckuss and another bounty hunter attempted to collect it by arranging a meeting between the second hunter and Karrde aboard the Wild Karrde. Zuckuss was smuggled in, and when suspicious Karrde called in his guards, the hunters attacked. They managed to overpower Karrde's guards and take him captive. He was turned in and imprisoned on Tatooine near Bestine, but was quickly broken out by the Rebellion along with several other prisoners. In 4 ABY, Karrde gained the services of Aves, a young smuggler who would eventually grow to be one of Karrde's top associates and advisers. Also in 4 ABY, Karrde hired Fenig Nabon to make a delivery for him to Sullust, where he knew the Alliance Fleet was massing to strike against the Galactic Empire. He had heard of Jabba Desilijic Tiure's death at the hands of Leia Organa and was among the first to hear that Luke Skywalker had defeated Galactic Emperor Palpatine and Darth Vader as the Alliance to Restore the Republic destroyed the Death Star II. He realized that a major shift was occurring in the balance of power and found a resurgence of the Jedi Order likely under Skywalker. This would be bad news for the fringe, in his opinion, as Jedi would crack down on smuggling and enforce law and order for the new Rebel government; even Skywalker alone could prove a formidable threat to his smuggling operation. However, opportunities abounded with Jabba's fall from preeminence. When Nabon returned, he was waiting for her in the Black Dust Tavern on Socorro, where they discussed the recent events and exchanged tidbits of information. Karrde was able to make some credits by informing her that Han Solo had survived and escaped the Hutt's custody. Karrde had decided to take advantage of the chaos to expand his organization, and offered Nabon a position in his group, which she declined. He then offered her a deal finding information for him; he wanted a location for a new base, one which would have room for massive expansion and would be secure against Jedi. Nabon promised to search out a good location and was able to earn some money from Karrde for her information about a new arrival in the Black Dust Tavern, Ghitsa Dogder. Karrde departed as a bar fight broke out, leaving Nabon a heavy tab to make up for having overpaid for the information about Dogder. Karrde saw Jabba the Hutt's death as the perfect opportunity to build his own syndicate into a larger business. As he had revealed to Nabon, he wished to build a large secret facility; Nabon's investigations led her to Myrkr, a remote forest world with sensor-baffling flora and Force-repelling fauna—the rare ysalamiri. Myrkr became Karrde's home base, from which he operated comfortably; he kept its location a secret, preferring to let no one know his headquarters. While in the forest there, he encountered one of the local vornskr predators and happened to shoot its tail off when defending himself. This immediately reduced the creature's aggression, so Karrde named it Sturm and began to domesticate it with the aid of Chin, one of Karrde's top employees and a Myrkr native who had some skill with animals. Some time later, he encountered another vornskr in a perimeter trap, docked its tail, named it Drang, and domesticated it as well, taking the pair as personal pets. Karrde would eventually write an article for Galactic Zoology Monthly describing his domestication of the vornskrs. Karrde immediately began absorbing a great many personnel from Jabba's employ, such as Melina Carniss, a part of the Hutt's former security team who became one of Karrde's top lieutenants. In this same time frame, Karrde rescued Quelev Tapper and his small smuggling organization from an Imperial attack; the two groups merged, with Tapper becoming Karrde's trusted second-in-command. Another key acquisition was that of Zakarisz Ghent, a highly skilled slicer. Karrde heard of his reputation and went to Sibisime to recruit him, but Ghent had gone to Chibias on another offer. Karrde was able to track him down and rescued him after the deal had gone sour, with Karrde's personnel able to secure the city against both Imperial and Rebel pursuit of Ghent while he got the young man to agree to work for him. Karrde made more mundane gains as well, such as the purchase of two G2 "Goose Droid" models after the Star Tours corporation folded. Karrde's organization quickly became the top smuggling gang in the galaxy, though he continued to keep his prominence a secret from all but the best-connected. By approximately 9 ABY, Karrde employed over eight hundred individuals and nearly two dozen ships. The growth of Karrde's organization was unusual in that he avoided the bloodshed and feuding typical of other underworld expansion efforts. He was willing to work for both the Empire and New Republic, taking cargo-moving jobs from both but never allying himself with either. In 6 ABY, Karrde's sources brought him news that, in the aftermath of Palpatine's death, Jeng Droga had crashed one of the Emperor's private yachts, complete with a cloaking device, on an unnamed waterworld. Eager to get his hands on this valuable technology, Karrde began searching likely locations, eventually settling on Kaal as the most likely world. He took advantage of negotiations offered by Tirgee Benyalle for contracts to harvest the world's aquaculture; he hoped to be able to use the aquaculture operation to cover his extraction of the intact yacht. Arriving on the world as Syndic Pandis Hart, chief purchasing agent for the Sif-Uwana Council, he began working the casinos before the negotiations opened, with Admiral Uther Kermen of the Empire, the warlord Moff Utoxx Prentioch, and a team of New Republic agents also competing. Meanwhile, Tapper led a team in searching for the downed ship and was able to locate it. When the time came for the negotiations, Karrde and the others were taken on a tour of the harvesting facilities and began making their offers; Karrde offered to set up an independent operation with generous terms for Benyalle around the Unis Islands, where the yacht went down, and allow one of the other bidders to run the main operations. Kermen, however, had infiltrated agents aboard Benyalle's barge and made an attack to take the facilities for himself. Karrde, Benyalle, and the New Republic agents were able to take the bridge, but the barge remained filled with Kermen's agents. Karrde had the barge rendezvous with Tapper's submersible and escaped, evacuating the others with him as well. Realizing, however, that he had no chance of recovering the yacht quietly, he had Tapper destroy it rather than let someone else exploit it before leaving Kaal. In early 7 ABY, Karrde was contacted by Booster Terrik and his daughter Mirax, who had taken over the family business while Booster had been imprisoned on Kessel. They were supporting Wedge Antilles's guerrilla war against Ysanne Isard and wanted Karrde, who was temporarily operating out of an asteroid base found by Tapper's group—or so he maintained; this may simply have been a cover to maintain the Myrkr base's secrecy—to help supply the effort. Terrik bought three hundred missile launchers and three thousand concussion missiles and proton torpedoes from Karrde, a hefty order paid in the bacta Antilles's group was stealing. Terrik arranged rendezvous locations for the shipping; Karrde's people would not be allowed all the way to Antilles's base. Karrde had Carniss handle his end of the shipments. She proved a traitor, however, selling the rendezvous location to Isard. Antilles's Rogue Squadron was able to destroy the Victory II-class Star Destroyer and damage the Interdictor that ambushed Karrde's convoy and the transfer went off smoothly, with Tapper, who led the convoy, gaining salvage in the bargain. The evidence suggested that the leak had come from Karrde's operation, and Karrde quickly realized it had been Carniss. He began watching her to determine the depth of her treachery and was able to tell that she was working alone. When the Terriks arrived to discuss the compromise in security, Karrde was ready to have them kill her. When they demanded she live, Karrde refused—he would not tolerate betrayal. The Terriks, who wished to use her to feed Isard misinformation, were able to buy her life by giving Karrde several expensive contracts—acquiring a gravity well projector, and refitting several TIE fighters with lucrative pay in bacta and sole control of the Coruscant market for the Terriks' bacta. With Coruscant in chaos due to the Krytos virus, Karrde was obligated to donate most of the bacta to charity, but reserved a sizable portion for the black market which he subcontracted to Billey and Billey's new lieutenant, Dravis. He was also able to sell a recently procured Sith lanvarok to Mirax Terrik, who specialized in exotic items. Antilles's rebel group was able to use Carniss to lure Isard's forces into a trap and defeated them. With Thyferra freed, Karrde arrived in the system and joined up with Booster Terrik, who had taken control of the Virulence, one of Isard's Star Destroyers, in negotiations. Airen Cracken of New Republic Intelligence was aghast at the idea of Terrik possessing the Star Destroyer, but Karrde was able to come up with an acceptable compromise, manipulating Admiralty law regarding salvage to buy the Virulence surplus weaponry and TIE fighters from Terrik for enough to give him full control of the ship, then selling the hardware to Cracken and the New Republic for a seventeen-million-credit profit. Karrde made yet more from Terrik when he bet the other smuggler, with odds, that Mirax would quietly and immediately marry Rogue Squadron's Lieutenant Corran Horn, having just announced their engagement, in order to keep Booster from effectively opposing the union. Terrik refitted the ship, renamed the Errant Venture, as a mobile casino and smuggling center after he and Karrde drove the bargain through. With her usefulness over, Karrde had Carniss killed. Six months into 8 ABY, Karrde and Tapper visited Varonat, where they knew the Krish crime lord Gamgalon was involved in a safari operation; Karrde wished to know what Gamgalon's true interest was and if he could cut in on the business. Masquerading once more as Pandis Hart and with Tapper claiming to be his pilot, Seoul, Karrde claimed that his ship had suffered a hyperdrive failure and entered one of the Morodin-hunting safaris supposedly to pass time while it was repaired. His hyperdrive mechanic was a young woman named Celina Marniss who impressed him with her competence and wide-ranging knowledge; her name's odd similarity to that of Carniss's also drew his attention. On the safari, Karrde noticed something that looked like a transponder before the guides pulled him away. When examining the Morodin trails, Karrde became increasingly concerned about the guides' behavior, and when he finally tracked one down he held his fire, noting that it did not attack; another hunter killed it. When they returned to the camp, Karrde tweaked the settings on his comm relay in order to pick up Gamgalon's transponders; while in the forest, he followed the Morodin trails with Tapper and realized that the Morodins were sentient and the trails were in fact a maze. Gamgalon's personnel had followed them, along with Gamgalon himself, and took Karrde and Tapper prisoner. Gamgalon admitted that the safaris were only cover for their efforts to harvest modified aleudrupe berries which could be used to create blaster gas. Tapper grabbed a blaster rifle from a guard in an attempt to escape, but was cut down by a hidden Krish sniper. While he was being marched back through the forest, Karrde was suddenly saved by Marniss, who had recognized him as likely being Talon Karrde by virtue of his tendency toward punnish names. Karrde offered her a reward for her assistance; she requested a job. Impressed by her skills and versatility, he agreed to hire Marniss, who now revealed her true name to be Mara Jade. After five and a half months of watching Jade in action and being continually impressed by her talents and demeanor, Karrde decided to promote her to be one of his lieutenants with an eye toward grooming her to take the deceased Tapper's place as his second-in-command. Karrde invited her to a private dinner in which he gave her the news, but that was quickly broken up by the arrival of the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Chimaera over Myrkr. Karrde knew through his sources that this was the flagship of the Empire's new secret military commander, Grand Admiral Thrawn. When it dispatched shuttles that were clearly going to land near Karrde's forest base, Karrde hailed the Chimaera himself and offered his assistance while displaying his unusual knowledge of the Empire's doings. Captain Gilad Pellaeon remained suspicious, but Karrde freely offered his aid in showing the Imperials how to safely remove the ysalamiri, which he had deduced the Imperials were after, from their branches in an attempt to ingratiate himself with Thrawn. Deciding that Thrawn must have some reason for harvesting so many, he decided to begin carrying ysalamiri aboard his personal freighter, the Wild Karrde, as well. He then returned to conversation with Jade, who offered several ideas for comprehensive reform of his organization which she felt would make it more efficient; he tended to agree with her analysis. Karrde kept Jade by his side, teaching her more about the upper levels of his business and introducing her to his regular business contacts. They were both present for a delivery in the Sluis sector when several of Thrawn's Star Destroyers made a hit-and-fade strike, forcing Karrde to cancel the delivery. He stayed to watch the battle, however, finding Thrawn's unorthodox use of Star Destroyers for a hit-and-fade attack intriguing. When Thrawn attempted to capture Luke Skywalker, Skywalker escaped using a technique that would wreck his hyperdrive in short order, but Thrawn did not have time to recover him; instead, he contacted Karrde and several other smugglers and offered a bounty if they searched along Skywalker's route, captured him, and brought him to Thrawn. Karrde declined, citing a heavy schedule; in fact, he simply did not want to get involved in Thrawn's war effort in such a major way. On one routine journey, however, Jade, acting on a hunch, brought the Wild Karrde out of hyperspace where Skywalker's X-wing had broken down. Karrde rescued Skywalker and spoke with him, asking him why Jade had such an intense hatred for him, a hatred Karrde had been able to discover in his conversations with her. When Skywalker could not answer, Karrde ended the conversation and had him stunned by ysalamiri-protected crewmen. He took Skywalker back to Myrkr, where he was imprisoned without access to the Force. When Skywalker awoke, Karrde interviewed him, asking him why he had suddenly become an Imperial target. Skywalker did not know, but offered to pay for his release. Karrde, however, knew that if he released Skywalker to the New Republic, Thrawn would find out, and he could not afford to have such an enemy. On the other hand, he was disinclined to hand Skywalker over to the Empire and run the risk of the New Republic finding out. He decided to look into why exactly the Empire wanted Skywalker, and to keep the Jedi imprisoned on Myrkr until he knew. Karrde kept it a secret even from most of those on Myrkr that Skywalker was a captive there. While Skywalker was still imprisoned, however, Fynn Torve, one of Karrde's captains, arrived with Lando Calrissian and Han Solo. The pair had saved Torve on Abregado-rae, and he felt obligated to grant them an audience with Karrde, which was what they had wanted. Karrde had to rush to move Skywalker to an outbuilding and hide his fighter before they landed. Karrde met with Solo and Calrissian, and Solo offered Karrde the same proposal he had been making for smuggling groups: the New Republic, suffering from a shortage of cargo transport, would hire his organization to haul legitimate cargo for them at favorable rates and with no consequences for their prior activities. Karrde, however, was not interested in tying himself to the New Republic and said as much to the two smugglers-turned-generals. Solo had other business to discuss, however, and Karrde suggested they do so over dinner. In the midst of that meal, though, the Chimaera once more arrived in orbit. Karrde rushed away to speak with Pellaeon, but Thrawn actually appeared on the other side of the connection. When Thrawn mentioned desiring Karrde's help in procuring capital ships, Karrde momentarily thought Thrawn had somehow discovered that Karrde knew the location of the Katana fleet, but it proved to be otherwise. The Grand Admiral had decided to come down for a personal talk with Karrde, and Karrde had to rush once more to hide the Millennium Falcon and its two passengers. Just before the Imperials landed, however, Skywalker escaped and stole a Skipray blastboat; Jade set off in pursuit in another Skipray. When Thrawn arrived, Karrde had to dismiss it to him as a dissatisfied employee stealing a ship and attempting to make off with it, but Thrawn sent a team of stormtroopers to investigate the site in the forest where both ships had crashed, ostensibly as a favor to Karrde. They found nothing, however, and Thrawn soon departed after discussing his bounty for captured warships with Karrde. Solo and Calrissian returned from the forest; they had sneaked out of their ship and seen Karrde speaking with Thrawn; he assured them he was not working with the Empire. They began snooping around the base, however, and found the storage shed where Skywalker had been held. They deduced that it had been Skywalker in the shed just as Karrde tracked them down, and Karrde admitted that he had kept Skywalker imprisoned; by pointing out that he had turned over neither Skywalker nor Solo and Calrissian, however, he was able to gain back some of their trust. Karrde felt an obligation as their host to protect Solo and Calrissian; he considered taking an individual in as a guest to involve an implicit guarantee of protection, and would not break that trust. Once Thrawn departed the system—leaving behind a small force in nearby Hyllyard City to wait for Skywalker and Jade—Karrde began organizing a search party for the forest. He could not allow Skywalker to enter Thrawn's hands alive, as the Grand Admiral would then feel Karrde had sided against him and take appropriate action; Karrde was prepared to kill the Jedi rather than let Thrawn's forces capture him. Karrde grew sad as he realized that one way or the other, he would have to leave Myrkr; over time, the base had become his home and he had grown quite attached to the peaceful location. When Skywalker was able to use R2-D2 to send a counterpart-encrypted message to Skywalker's X-wing, though, Karrde received his and Jade's report and was able to reply to them, warning them that Imperials were waiting in Hyllyard City and telling them the cover story Karrde had related to Thrawn. Karrde was not able to intercept them before they made it to the city, but a team of his personnel, working with Solo and Calrissian, were able to ambush the Imperials as they led their captives through the city and free the pair. Karrde visited the battle site after it was over and was impressed by Skywalker's role in taking down most of the stormtroopers and the Chariot Light Assault Vehicle; some of the forces had escaped, however, and Thrawn would be able to figure out what had happened at any rate. Karrde knew he had to leave Myrkr; he had Aves begin an evacuation while he spoke with Solo and Skywalker. They were able to put any hard feelings mostly behind them, and Karrde requested a warship to help the evacuation, half-hoping he could still win his way back into Thrawn's graces while letting Skywalker go, but Solo said that aid was unlikely, and Karrde knew that Thrawn would not be so easily pacified in any case. He had made the Empire an enemy, something he had so long avoided, and was beginning to fear Thrawn's retribution. Karrde successfully evacuated the Myrkr base and set up a new one on Rishi; Jade had by now been promoted to full status as second-in-command. When Thrawn returned to Myrkr deal with him, Karrde remained hidden behind an asteroid to watch Thrawn's attack on the abandoned base and make sure the group had not left anything important behind. Jade became increasingly uneasy as they continued waiting, feeling that an attack was imminent. Finally, she powered up the Wild Karrde against his advice, giving them just enough time to escape the gravitic effect of the Interdictor which suddenly jumped into the system. Karrde was impressed by Jade's seeming prescience, and mentally added it to the list of mysteries surrounding her. Karrde returned to his base on Rishi, set up in a townhouse in the middle of one of Rishi's major cities with a drop site in the swamp. There, he attempted to press Mara Jade about her hunches, but she turned the topic to Karrde's strange reaction to Thrawn's demand for warships on Myrkr, an explanation of which he had promised her. Karrde explained to her his knowledge of the Katana fleet's location, and Jade suggested selling the secret to Thrawn. Karrde declined; he was of the opinion that while aiding the Empire would be profitable in the short term, the New Republic was best-placed to win out over time and making an enemy of either would be counterproductive. Jade left to pick up some supplies, and during her trip was attacked by a bounty hunter looking to collect on the twenty-thousand-credit bounty Thrawn had placed on Karrde. With their location compromised, Karrde began the process of pulling out of the Rishi base, which had not yet even been fully set up; the group packed its equipment up and left in the middle of the night. When Jade was captured picking up the Etherway from impoundment on Abregado-Rae, she decided that the only way to escape Thrawn's custody was to give up the location of the Katana fleet in hopes of buying Karrde's way out of trouble. Thrawn agreed and released Jade to track down Karrde and obtain the location for the trade; Thrawn, however, in turn tracked her ship. Karrde had been worried over her delay and came out to meet her personally; once he was in the open, stormtroopers rappelled into the docking bay and surrounded him. When Jade herself disarmed him as he fought back, Karrde realized that her strange reactions to mentions of Palpatine and Skywalker were remnants of an Imperial past to which she had returned. Karrde felt regretful that he had been fooled and was losing his second-in-command, but could not bring himself to be angry with her. Karrde was imprisoned aboard the Chimaera and left largely alone for the first few days, with Thrawn hoping to wear him down mentally and emotionally before the actual interrogation began; if he answered swiftly, Thrawn would give him the pay he had agreed upon with Jade and send him on his way—the bounties on his organization had already been canceled. His captors tried to imply that Jade had knowingly betrayed him, but he found their efforts so strong that he became convinced that the opposite was true. Jade, meanwhile, was released; Thrawn's ambush had broken any faith she might have had in the Empire. Karrde's group, thinking her a traitor, would not work with her, but Aves trusted her enough to lend her a ship and other supplies. Jade recruited Skywalker to help her rescue Karrde, and the pair infiltrated the Chimaera in a supply ship. Karrde was surprised to see Skywalker enter his cell; the heavy interrogation had not yet begun and Karrde was in good spirits. They escaped the detention area through the trash compactor and Karrde donned a TIE pilot suit as Skywalker and Jade already had. Before they made it back to the supply shuttle, however, Thrawn detected their attempt and raised the alert aboard the Star Destroyer. Karrde suggested they steal a vehicle from deep storage instead, a move he felt the Imperials would not expect. Karrde distracted the first search party to come across them and armed himself; in deep storage, they found the Millennium Falcon, which Thrawn had captured, abandoned, over Endor. They took back the ship, which Karrde piloted out of storage, out the hangar bay, and along the Chimaera hull and exhaust trail, maximizing his cover, until he could jump to hyperspace while Skywalker held off pursuing TIEs from the gun turret. They went to Coruscant, where Karrde had decided to sell the Katana fleet's location to the New Republic, as the Empire was now clearly an enemy of his. On Coruscant, he received the news that Thrawn had tracked down Hoffner, who apparently had realized the true nature of the Dreadnaughts as well and had his own copy of the coordinates. Karrde was rushed to negotiations with the New Republic Advisory Council, where Councilor Borsk Fey'lya responded hostilely, questioning Karrde's honesty. When Fey'lya was able to push a recovery effort off until after a reconnaissance team, launching the next day, had checked the location, Karrde felt far too much time would be wasted. Karrde sent Jade to the Trogan system, where Aves had hid after taking temporary command of the organization. Karrde had Aves gather all the forces he could and rendezvous with them at the Katana fleet's location while sending Ghent to Coruscant in order to look into suspicious bank transfers regarding Admiral Gial Ackbar that had the New Republic's supreme commander imprisoned under suspicion of treason. By disproving the dubious allegations, Karrde knew he would weaken Fey'lya's political position and hopefully keep the Bothan politician from being in a position to carry out a grudge against him. Karrde also met privately with Councilor Leia Organa Solo and they agreed to launch a quiet mission of their own that night to outpace Fey'lya's group and prevent his handpicked personnel from being the only ones present. Han Solo and Luke Skywalker left overnight in charge of a small task force; by the morning, news had gotten out and Fey'lya was furious. He prepared to lead the recovery team itself and ordered Solo and Skywalker's arrest. Karrde and Organa Solo invited themselves along in Fey'lya's force; enraged as he was, Fey'lya was not in the position to refuse Karrde, who remained the only one on Coruscant to know the fleet's location. When they arrived at the fleet's location, Fey'lya ordered the arrest of the prior party, which had already boarded the Katana. Before any orders were able to be carried out, however, the Imperial Star Destroyer Judicator entered the area. Fey'lya intended to abandon the first group, outraging Organa Solo. Karrde quietly showed Organa Solo a datapad message telling her to turn on the intercom and comm using the Force, then prodded Fey'lya into a conversation in which the politician confessed that he did not care for the lives of the soldiers who formed his growing ranks of supporters in the military but instead regarded them merely as tools for his political ambitions. The rest of the task force heard this and abandoned Fey'lya, pressing the fight against the Judicator. A small fleet of Karrde's men soon arrived as well, led by Aves and Jade. Further reinforcements under the long-disappeared Senator Garm Bel Iblis also arrived, summoned by Han Solo, who had contacted his small resistance group recently. Karrde had scanned the area, however, and realized that only fifteen Dreadnaughts were left; the Empire had already been there and retrieved the rest. When a second Star Destroyer arrived, Aves called a retreat, which Karrde approved; they did not have the forces to oppose two of the battleships. The team aboard the Katana was able to use the fleet's slave rig system to ram a Dreadnaught into the Peremptory, causing the Judicator to retreat and winning the battle for the New Republic. Jade had been forced to eject from her fighter, however, and was injured when she passed across the path of an ion beam; Skywalker was able to find and rescue her, and she was brought in for medical care and eventually moved to Coruscant to recover. While Karrde remained grateful to the New Republic for their care of Jade, he still refused to side directly with the New Republic and insisted that he was neutral; he had made an enemy of Thrawn but did not feel that the New Republic was a good long-term ally for a smuggler like himself, especially with the notoriously anti-smuggler Ackbar back in command after Ghent successfully cleared him of wrongdoing. During the Battle for the Katana fleet, the New Republic had discovered that Thrawn was using cloned troops. Karrde, deeply uneasy with the thought of Thrawn winning out, began looking for the site of Thrawn's cloning facility by tracing back the flow of clones to the battlefront. One month after the Katana fleet incident, his investigations led him to Calius saj Leeloo on Berchest; Karrde was able to move relatively openly there despite the now fifty-thousand-credit bounty on him and Berchest's status as Imperial territory due to his longstanding smuggling contact with Governor Raccyx Staffa. There, he came across Skywalker investigating the clone pipeline himself. Skywalker was able to convince Karrde to sell the New Republic information about the Empire, but Karrde maintained the right to sell only the information he wished; when he returned to Coruscant, Skywalker set up a line of credit against which Karrde could draw in exchange for his information. Karrde continued tracing the clone supply back to Chazwa, where he encountered his old friend Samuel Tomas Gillespee in orbit. Gillespee had retired to Ukio, but that world had recently fallen to Thrawn due to a mysterious superweapon. Gillespee had macrobinocular records of the bombardment, which Karrde realized would be valuable to the New Republic, which was still unsure what exactly had transpired on Ukio. He arranged to sell the record to the New Republic, but they were interrupted by the approach of a pair of Lancer-class frigates, which Karrde assumed were after him. He began to run, but saw they were in fact pursuing Gillespee's ship. He could have continued in his mission to pull the garrison records on Chazwa, but Karrde refused to abandon his friend and took his small force into battle against the Lancers. Both were able to escape, and Karrde arranged a rendezvous with Gillespee in eight days on Trogan; he had Gillespee extend the invitation to any other major smugglers as well. Karrde met the others at the Whistler's Whirlpool, an abandoned tapcafe on Trogan. Karrde had his people secure the location and received a guest list from Gillespee. Dravis, Brasck, Par'tah, Ellor, Mazzic, Clyngunn, and Niles Ferrier would all be there. Karrde was annoyed at Ferrier's inclusion, as the man was primarily a starship thief and had been working directly for Thrawn, capturing Hoffner; Karrde did not trust him. When they arrived, Karrde proposed to them that they unify against the Empire, which he felt was bad for the smuggling business. Brasck and Mazzic responded coolly, though Par'tah was more open to the idea. Karrde was about to admit defeat and adjourn the meeting when it was suddenly raided by Imperial forces. The smugglers fought back, destroying the force. The ambush turned the others against the Empire, leading them to join Karrde in his plan to track down the clone supply line. Mazzic, who had lost a friend in the battle, and Ellor preferred to take the fight to the Empire more directly but supported Karrde's plan. Only Brasck refrained from joining, though he promised not to sell them out to Thrawn; Karrde did not mind too much, as he personally did not care for Brasck's methods. Before leaving, Karrde agreed to meet Par'tah and Clyngunn once more over Chazwa in five days. Karrde continued devoting much of his resources to tracking down the clone pipeline. Ferrier procured an assault shuttle for Karrde but, not trusting the ship thief, Karrde had it taken to the Roche system to be checked over by some of his Verpine contacts. At the meeting over Chazwa, Par'tah conveyed a message from Mazzic suggesting the smugglers visit Bilbringi; Karrde made his way there, where he noticed several irregular objects in the Imperial shipyards and, scanning them, discovered twenty-two asteroids being worked on. While he was incoming, Mazzic led an attack on an Imperial Star Destroyer under construction in the shipyards, destroying it. Karrde nearly began attacking to cover Mazzic's escape before Ellor arrived and destroyed Mazzic's pursuit. Karrde realized that this attack would earn the smugglers serious enmity from the Empire, and felt that organizing their groups together to meet the threat was more vital than ever. Karrde moved his operations to a long-abandoned fortress on Hijarna, where he continued collating intelligence reports. As they failed to turn up any cloning source, however, the smugglers were forgoing business and running short on money; Gillespee confided in Karrde that most of them were ready to quit. In an attempt to salvage the alliance, Karrde decided to have Ghent slice into the New Republic's coffers and divert payment to the group; Karrde considered it advance payment to keep them going until they found the cloning center. He planned one more meeting to present the idea to the other smugglers. Karrde declined to invite Ferrier to this gathering, though the man showed up anyway; he assumed one of the other smugglers had invited Ferrier due to his prior involvement. Before the meeting itself began, Karrde received a report of an intruder from Fynn Torve and proceeded to the Wild Karrde berth, where Chin thought he had seen someone moving. Karrde kept the disturbance from his guests and went down to deal with it himself, leading a search of the ship and the area around it which turned up nothing. When he returned, he was discomfited to see that Mazzic had brought a squad of bodyguards with him. Mazzic began confronting him, insisting the meeting be held aboard the Wild Karrde and accusing Karrde of having something to hide. Karrde realized that the intruder had been the nearly-invisible Defel Ferrier employed and he had been set up. He consented to the change of venue, but Karrde's employees were uneasy about Mazzic's actions and stalled the group, leading one of Mazzic's bodyguards to draw a blaster on Karrde and insist they be allowed aboard. Karrde refused to allow anyone more than the eight smuggler chiefs on board, where Mazzic demanded all Karrde's datacards. Karrde complied, and Mazzic admitted that Thrawn had captured him and told him that the attack at Trogan had been staged; someone had paid the troops to attack the meeting. Ellor found the datacard which held details of the deal in Karrde's collection; Karrde realized that the Defel had planted it. Karrde attempted to persuade the others that he had been set up by Thrawn and Ferrier, who was acting increasingly defensive; finally, Ferrier blurted information he should not have known and suspicion fell squarely on him. Ferrier was able to pull a thermal detonator and force Karrde to the bridge, where Karrde used the external lights to draw the attention of his employees outside. Karrde ferried Ferrier to his ship, but the ship thief failed to escape as Mazzic's fighters pursued him and shot him down. Ferrier's betrayal re-solidified the alliance, keeping the smugglers angry at the Empire and willing to work together. Karrde's informants were able to put together news of a major New Republic strike shaping up against Tangrene in order to capture a crystal gravfield trap array for use in clearing Coruscant of a mysterious threat which had kept civilian traffic blockaded out. Karrde brought the information to the other smugglers and suggested their alliance plan its own raid on Bilbringi at the same time, seizing the crystal gravfield trap there for sale to the New Republic. The others agreed, and Karrde left Aves in charge of his contribution to the Bilbringi strike as he took the Wild Karrde to Coruscant himself to contact Ghent about slicing them payment and information and to pick up Jade from the infirmary. There, he was barred from landing but conversed by comm with Leia Organa Solo, who indicated that Jade was under arrest after coming under suspicion of involvement in an attack on the Imperial Palace. When he still would not be allowed down, he demanded an explanation and was told that several cloaked asteroids had been placed in orbit during a raid by Thrawn; only twenty-two of the hundreds launched had been destroyed. Karrde connected this with what he had seen at Bilbringi, assuring the New Republic that the twenty-two were the only asteroids to have been launched; the rest were dry-fires. Organa Solo then cleared Karrde to land and met with him, explaining that Jade had actually been released to participate in a raid on Wayland, Thrawn's cloning center; Jade knew the location due to her time as the Emperor's Hand, a top-level assassin for Palpatine. She had realized just then that the cloning facility was full of ysalamiri and wanted Karrde to bring her there to reinforce the raid and warn Skywalker. Karrde wanted to help Jade, but knew that leaving immediately would keep him from being able to have Ghent slice into the New Republic's systems and pay his smuggler allies. Fortuitously, Fey'lya was found lurking nearby and revealed that he was desperate for the Mount Tantiss facility to be destroyed, as information deleterious to the Bothan people was stored there. Karrde was able to convince the Bothan councilor to pay him seventy thousand credits for his aid and set out for Wayland with Organa Solo. Masquerading as an Imperial supply freighter, the Wild Karrde was able to land on Wayland, faking a crash in the forest at the last minute. Karrde set out on foot with Organa Solo and her Noghri bodyguard as well as Sturm and Drang; he had realized that the vornskrs hunted by using the Force and could be used to track Force-sensitives such as Skywalker and Jade. They were able to infiltrate Mount Tantiss, where they met up with Han Solo; Skywalker and Jade had gone ahead. Organa Solo detected that the Force had recently been restored to the area; the ysalamiri inside the mountain had been killed. They suspected a trap by Thrawn's mad Jedi clone, Joruus C'baoth, and rushed to aid the pair. They found them in the throne room, Skywalker dueling a clone of himself that C'baoth had had created. C'baoth attacked both the Solos, knocking them out of the fight; he ignored Karrde, who had yet to take action against him. Karrde got on the comlink to Lando Calrissian, who was leading the sabotage of the cloning chamber, and asked if there were any ysalamiri he could bring up, but Calrissian informed him that they were all dead. C'baoth disarmed Karrde using telekinesis, but Jade was able to grab a lightsaber and kill the clone. C'baoth made a tremendous telekinetic attack against the entire group in retaliation, bringing much of the ceiling down and blocking off the turbolift. Skywalker was able to release Karrde's vornskrs, however, which attacked C'baoth and provided enough of a distraction for Jade to kill the insane Dark Jedi. They escaped through the hole C'baoth's death had torn in the wall, where the Wild Karrde picked them up and pulled clear of the mountain facility before it blew up thanks to Calrissian and Chewbacca's sabotage. Karrde's smuggler coalition, meanwhile, had been surprised to find that the Tangrene attack was actually a diversion and the New Republic was striking at Bilbringi, a move Thrawn had anticipated. In the battle, the smugglers helped Rogue Squadron open a new front in the battle while Thrawn was assassinated by his bodyguard, forcing an Imperial withdrawal and ending the major threat at the time. In the aftermath, Karrde decided to forge the smuggler coalition he had build into a new, formalized organization, the Smugglers' Alliance, which could represent the smugglers' interests and liaise with the New Republic to sell information and move legitimate cargo. While working on Coruscant to help establish the Smugglers' Alliance, Karrde learned that Lando Calrissian had possession of a beckon call likely belonging to Car'das. He attempted to buy it, but Calrissian would not sell. Instead, Karrde assigned Jade and Calrissian to track down his old boss, whose disappearance had long bothered him. Karrde himself became semiretired, running his organization from a distance and letting Jade handle the day-to-day operations; he contacted Jade only at prearranged times to receive her reports and lived life on the move, enjoying the private life and making his own efforts to find Car'das. He announced that he had retired fully and this was maintained publicly, but he still quietly ran the organization and had every intention of returning to full command eventually. It took some time for him to tie up loose ends, and close associates such as Booster Terrik knew he had not truly retired. Karrde's success in aiding the New Republic led to the circulation of rumors that he had been trained by New Republic Intelligence, though he flatly denied them. Not long after the Battle of Bilbringi, Karrde received a message supposedly from Booster Terrik requesting a meeting in Oradin on Brentaal IV, though he quickly decided it was not from the smuggler himself. He decided to meet anyway, taking some security precautions. The sender of the message actually turned out to be Corran Horn's astromech Whistler, working with Antilles's astromech R5-G8 to escape the custody of Ysanne Isard, who had secretly survived her supposed death over Thyferra and had captured Rogue Squadron, who were presumed dead by the New Republic. Whistler requested passage to the Errant Venture, which, given the sensitive nature of the information the pair carried, Karrde decided to grant. He had been preparing to turn the Lastri's Ort over to Aves, but was willing to make a detour. He brought the two droids to the Venture and turned them over to Terrik's custody. In 11 ABY, Jade gained interests in the Kessel glitterstim mines, now under Calrissian's management, for the Smugglers' Alliance; by this time it had became a large, organized, and well-regulated interest group capable of working well together. Not long after that, Karrde returned full-force to active duty leading the group, having grown bored with his semi-retirement and apparently content that his deception had played out. Around 12 ABY, Karrde was approached by Nabon and her partner, Dogder, with information about what appeared to be military expenditures on the part of the Hutts; they trusted him to funnel this information into the New Republic's hands. Spending time on and off following Car'das's trail, Calrissian and Jade eventually succeeded around 13 ABY, finding that he had taken up residence in the Exocron system but, per Karrde's instructions, not making contact with him. Karrde, not knowing how he would deal with the man or what Car'das would feel, decided not to contact him at that time. Over time the Smugglers' Alliance drifted apart, and Karrde was left running his own operation, still the top smuggling and information-brokering group. Karrde grew increasingly distant from the New Republic leadership as its politicians distanced themselves from him and the Empire grew weaker, lessening their need for fringe allies. Karrde also lost Ghent's services, with the young man becoming the Crypt Chief of the New Republic. In the course of the next years, Karrde became aware of a growingly dangerous situation in Smuggler's Run, an old smugglers' hideout. He found the new situation distasteful, with a mysterious and, he felt, sinister new influence controlling much of the business there. When the Senate Hall was bombed in 17 ABY, it created a panic and Calrissian contacted Jade, temporarily meeting with Karrde, about the situation, and Karrde suggested he investigate Smugglers' Run. Calrissian, along with Solo, investigated the situation and it was eventually discovered that a Dark Jedi warlord known as Kueller was leading a new secret rebellion from Almania. Chewbacca contacted Karrde and had him rendezvous with the Millennium Falcon in the Almanian system and bring ysalamiri. There, a New Republic fleet under General Wedge Antilles was engaging Kueller's forces. Karrde transferred the ysalamiri to Solo, who began to make for the planet. One of Kueller's Star Destroyers moved to cut him off, but the Wild Karrde was able to destroy the ship with a surprise barrage, covering Solo's descent. Once Solo landed, Karrde took his ship into the main battle, aiding Antilles's force. When Antilles realized the enemy ships were droid-controlled, he began firing near misses at the Wild Karrde and the other ships in his fleet, which confused the enemy friend-foe identification systems and caused them to cease fire on his ship. Karrde initially failed to understand the tactic, but Antilles used it to infiltrate the enemy fleet and line up a precision barrage on the weak points in Kueller's ships, destroying the Star Destroyers. Meanwhile, on the surface, Solo used the ysalamiri to block Kueller's powers while Leia Organa Solo killed him, ending the threat. Later that same year, the industrialist Ja Bardrin abducted Jade and the Wile Karrde crew while Karrde was away making a deal in the Gekto system. His daughter Sansia had fallen into the hands of the crime lord Chay Praysh and he forced Jade to go undercover in Praysh's fortress and rescue her by threatening the crew. When Karrde learned of this, he was enraged and contacted Organa Solo, who was able to put a team of Noghri commandos at his disposal, with which he took Bardrin's private residence and captured the man. He began preparing a team to rescue Jade from Praysh's fortress, but she returned on her own with Sansia. Sansia had been betrayed by her father so that he would have a record of Praysh's defenses created by Sansia's ship with which he could return and seize a competitor's prototypes which Praysh had stolen. Irate, Sansia gave the highly advanced ship to Jade, who renamed it the Jade's Fire. Karrde remained furious at the endangerment of his people, however, and demanded a heavy fee from Bardrin in exchange for the industrialist's life. Karrde picked up a new employee as well: H'sishi, a Togorian scavenger who had aided Jade in her escape. Karrde sold the data gathered by the ship to Skywalker, who was able to lead a New Republic raid on Praysh's fortress and free his many slaves. Jade had been feeling pressured by her situation lately, and Karrde decided to give her a break by setting her up with a small legitimate cargo business aboard the Jade's Fire in which she could gain experience away from the fringe and without the responsibilities of helping run Karrde's massive organization. After about a year of independent operations, Jade returned to Karrde's organization, refreshed. At around the same time, Karrde began hiring Noghri, who had relocated to Wayland, as bodyguards for his more vulnerable informants and employees. In 19 ABY, Karrde was approaching Wayland when he received a call from Cakhmaim, Organa Solo's chief bodyguard. A Devaronian thief, Lak Jit, had made off with a datacard stolen from the ruins of Mount Tantiss; the Wild Karrde forced Jit's ship down. He examined the datacard with Organa Solo and discovered that it was a copy of the Caamas Document, implicating a group of Bothans of complicity in the destruction of Caamas under Palpatine; any list of specific conspirators that might have been on the card had been too damaged to recover, however. They had already let Jit go free after he turned over the datacard, and realized that he would spread the story and spark a major incident as blame was placed for the long-ago but much-detested attack. Jit indeed did so before Mazzic, acting under Karrde's instructions, captured him. Karrde contacted Organa Solo to report the news but reached her husband, who took the news and informed Karrde that, in an engagement against pirates, Skywalker had sensed clones aboard the pirate ships. Karrde promised to look into it—at New Republic expense. He also dispatched Jade to aid Skywalker in a raid on the Cavrilhu Pirates after Solo mentioned it. Karrde went on to visit the Errant Venture, where he was supposed to rendezvous with Jade. Coming aboard, he found Terrik's daughter, son-in-law, and grandchild on the bridge; Horn had come to discuss an organization called "Vengeance" which had been mentioned in relation to the growing Caamas Document Crisis. Horn's mission was secret, but Karrde got word of it and knew enough to expect Horn's son Valin to be there as well, bringing him a gift. His demonstration of knowledge convinced Horn to let him in on the request for information, and Karrde promised to look into it. Karrde asked Terrik if he had information on the Cavrilhu Pirates' new base after being chased from their former base by Skywalker, but Terrik knew nothing. Karrde also wanted to ask if Terrik knew anything of the pirates whom Skywalker had sensed using clones, but Terrik again could turn up no new information. While Jade was inbound on the Starry Ice, a small fighter of strange design buzzed the Venture bridge, transmitting a message in a foreign language. Jade had run across a similar ship during her pirate raid, and recognized Thrawn's full name, Mitth'raw'nuruodo, in the transmission. Cross-checking the vectors of the two ships as they had jumped to lightspeed showed a common destination in the Nirauan system; Karrde sent Jade to investigate it, as the New Republic was too busy handling the political crisis to check out what Karrde felt could be a significant discovery, possibly the Hand of Thrawn mentioned on one scrambled datacard Organa Solo had recovered from Jit. Karrde went to Cejansij to check it for evidence of Vengeance activity and retrieve some data from an employee, Moranda Savich. She was attacked by a gang of thugs on her way to the meeting and was saved by Skywalker, who had been looking to get in contact with Karrde. Skywalker came along. In the midst of speaking with him, Karrde received a report that Jade had been knocked unconscious on Nirauan and possibly captured. Skywalker agreed to make the rescue attempt, and told Karrde just before he left that he had had a Force vision in which Jade appeared dead, leaving Karrde dreading the possibility that his trusted second-in-command had been killed. Karrde assigned Savich to Drev'starn, the capital of Bothawui, to keep an eye out for subversive activity—especially attempts to bring down the planetary shields—as the Caamas Document Crisis grew stronger. Karrde proceeded to Coruscant, where he was blocked from landing by a traffic controller connected to political factions who opposed him; he had to call Organa Solo, whom he intended to meet, to gain permission to land. She was in fact in the middle of a meeting in which the Ishori senator Ghic Dx'ono was attempting to suggest that Karrde was involved in the recently revealed supposed return of Thrawn; she had Karrde go to her Orowood Tower apartment and wait for her. When she, her husband, and Lando Calrissian arrived, they filled him in on Calrissian's capture by, interview with, and subsequent release by Thrawn—unknown to anyone other than the conspirators, this "Thrawn" was in fact a con man working in cooperation with the clone of a Royal Guardsman and Moff Vilim Disra in a conspiracy to revive the Imperial Remnant behind their leadership. They brainstormed possible ways to handle the situation, deciding that having a copy of the Caamas Document would defuse the Caamas situation and allow the New Republic to concentrate on Thrawn. Calrissian began intimating that Car'das might have a copy himself, eliminating the risk of a raid on the Imperial records. Karrde was annoyed with Calrissian, as he had no desire to face Car'das, and went to speak privately with the other man, telling him to drop the subject. Calrissian was able to prevail upon him to go by convincing him that it was far more dangerous to let the crisis burn out of control. Karrde, however, was convinced that Car'das would kill him; he was willing to die for the chance to secure the Caamas Document. They returned to share this with the Solos, but were followed by the Mistryl Shadow Guard Shada D'ukal—Karrde recognized her as Mazzic's former chief bodyguard—who had infiltrated the apartment and overheard their conversation. She expressed to the Solos her desire to join the New Republic; she had been unable to contact them through official channels. After being convinced that she was trustworthy, the Solos assigned her to aid Karrde in finding Car'das and convincing him to help. Karrde hoped that Car'das would allow D'ukal, not affiliated with his organization, leave without killing her, and further hoped that Car'das would let her have the Caamas Document as well. They also offered him C-3PO to aid in any translation required during the journey to Exocron. In addition, Karrde fulfilled his original purpose for the visit by informing the Solos of Jade's situation and Skywalker's departure on the rescue attempt. The Wild Karrde set out for Pembric II, the first stop on the journey. Karrde put down there and, with D'ukal, went to request protection from Crev Bombaasa, the dominant crime lord in the Kathol sector. Walking up the ThrusterBurn, a tapcafe Bombaasa used as his place of business, they were accosted by the swoop gang members serving as guards. As D'ukal took on the four guards, Karrde stepped out of the way but was seized by a group of corrupt Pembric Security Legionnaires in Bombaasa's employ. Karrde was able to get the drop on their leader and seized his weapon, incapacitating the final guard and covering the Security Legionnaires. Bombaasa was impressed enough to invite the pair in, where Karrde requested protection from Bombaasa's pirate gangs in the sector as the payment for a favor Jade and Calrissian had performed for him on their trip, saving Bombaasa's life. Bombaasa agreed, but warned Karrde that another pirate gang, outside his control, had recently moved into the area and begun competing with him; he could not guarantee protection from them and placing Karrde under his protection would likely increase the chance that they would target him. Karrde continued onward; after seeing a spotter ship at one change of course, he expected a pirate attack at Dayark. They were indeed ambushed as soon as they exited hyperspace but were able to drive them off; D'ukal, manning a turbolaser, was wounded in the battle. Landing on Dayark, the capital of the Kathol Republic, Karrde was invited to meet with General Jutka, the head of their military. Taking D'ukal, C-3PO, and a backup team dressed as locals with him, Karrde was ushered to meet Jutka by an aide named Entoo Needaan E-elz. Jutka gave them the name of the opposing pirate leader, Rei'Kas, and suggested Karrde leave to avoid bringing about action on Rei'Kas's part. Karrde was not intimidated, and after the conversation ended E-elz approached Karrde. He could tell that Karrde was looking for Car'das, and confirmed that Car'das was on Exocron. He offered to take Karrde there, but before Karrde could agree, he was accosted by agents of Rei'Kas. Karrde's backup was able to take care of them, but D'ukal was offended that Karrde had not trusted her with the knowledge that they were there. The Wild Karrde took off for Exocron without E-elz, and on the trip there Karrde approached D'ukal and told her the full story of his involvement with Car'das, information for which she had pressed him. He also confessed his true motive for bringing her along. When Karrde made it to Exocron a week later, the authorities there hailed him and asked if he was coming to meet Car'das; Karrde admitted he was. They were allowed to land, where E-elz met them. Taking only D'ukal and C-3PO, Karrde allowed E-elz to lead him to Car'das's home. They were led into a small, poorly-kept house on a mountainside where Car'das lay in his bed as an old, feeble, and senile man. Deeply disappointed, Karrde made to leave but was informed that Rei'Kas had apparently tracked him to Exocron and was sending his entire fleet to assault the planet. Feeling responsible for having brought them, Karrde stayed and prepared to fight. Admiral Trey David, second-in-command of the Exocron Combined Air-Space Fleet, came aboard the Wild Karrde—the best ship in the defense force—to coordinate the defense. When Rei'Kas's fleet arrived, David ordered a retreat, and a fleet of Aing-Tii ships appeared behind Rei'Kas's fleet, easily destroying it. Karrde quickly realized that David had used him to lure Rei'Kas to Exocron, within striking distance of the Aing-Tii; he also realized that Car'das was behind the deception. He transmitted a request to the surface to see Car'das again, which Car'das personally granted. Returning to the house, he found Car'das hale and was invited deeper inside the mountain to Car'das's true dwelling. Car'das, friendly, showed him around the house, including his massive information library. The Caamas Document, however, was not among his files. He told Karrde the story of his disappearance, having been shamed by the Jedi Master Yoda into recanting of his prior ruthlessness and self-centered attitude, and thanked Karrde for taking such good care of his organization's personnel after his departure. Relieved of his burden of fear, Karrde was invited to stay overnight; Car'das had arranged for the Aing-Tii, using their instantaneous transport techniques, to carry the Wild Karrde back to the mainstream galaxy the next day. Overnight, D'ukal attempted to sneak into Car'das's library to find if he had information on who had been behind the attack that devastated her people, the Mistryl, many years ago. Car'das caught her and Karrde arrived during their conversation, summoned by Car'das. The older man told D'ukal that the Mistryl had been attacked in retaliation for a campaign of conquest they had begun, and offered her a choice between taking the attackers' identities with her and taking a datacard which he promised held information useful to the New Republic. D'ukal chose the second and Car'das ushered them to the Aing-Tii. Karrde and D'ukal read the datacard, which proved that "Thrawn" was an impostor and that the supposed Guardsman was in fact a clone of the original Grodin Tierce with some of Thrawn's genetics spliced in and Thrawn's tactical knowledge added to his flash-learning. Knowing that taking the data to Coruscant would take too long, he went directly to Supreme Commander Gilad Pellaeon of the Imperial Remnant, hoping Pellaeon could unmask the deception directly. He took Pellaeon aboard the Wild Karrde and proceeded to Yaga Minor, where the Thrawn impostor was leading the defense of the Ubiqtorate base there against an information raid by New Republic General Garm Bel Iblis which hoped to obtain a copy of the Caamas Document. Karrde called in the favor Horn owed him to have Rogue Squadron escort the Wild Karrde through the New Republic lines; with Pellaeon aboard the ship had the codes which would allow it through the Imperial lines. Making it to the base, Karrde, Pellaeon, and D'ukal made their way to the command center, where Pellaeon exposed the conspirators and reasserted command, ceasing hostilities. He had agreed to a truce with the New Republic. The conspirators had been negotiating with the Mistryl to join the Empire and one of their leaders was there observing; Karrde pressured her to remove the death mark they had put on D'ukal for deserting after refusing orders she felt to be unethical. When Karrde realized that Pellaeon was preparing to negotiate a peace, he felt spurred by D'ukal's desire for a higher purpose to suggest that his organization become an information-sharing body between the two groups, helping ease tensions by forming a neutral intermediary body which made sure both sides were equally well-informed. Both sides agreed and the deal was struck; Karrde was invited to the formal signing of the Pellaeon–Gavrisom Treaty. Skywalker successfully rescued Jade and came back with a copy of the Caamas Document, defusing the situation—though the pair remained tight-lipped as to their source. During the rescue, the pair had realized their love for each other and were now engaged to marry. Jade would be leaving the organization to join the Jedi, but D'ukal formally joined Karrde's group and he began grooming her to be Jade's replacement; she eventually replaced Jade as his lieutenant. D'ukal had come to consider herself his bodyguard and friend and was fiercely loyal to him; Karrde also felt loyal to her as one of his people, and the Solos detected the possibility of romantic feelings as well. As part of a deal with Terrik, the New Republic agreed to paint the Errant Venture red, a desire Terrik had long had. Karrde sold the New Republic the massive quantities of paint required, unknown to Terrik, who bragged that he had managed his goal without Karrde's help. Karrde was greatly amused by the entire situation. Karrde was invited to the Skywalker-Jade wedding to serve as the father of the bride. He sought a Jedi artifact from Terrik as a wedding present, then proceeded to Coruscant. There, he participated in Skywalker's bachelor party, surprising him along with several other friends in the Red Rancor cantina; he felt honored to be considered a close enough friend to be invited to the party. Shortly after Skywalker arrived, however, they were set upon by a swoop gang, leading to a bar brawl that the bachelor party handily won; Karrde suggested they leave quickly to avoid attracting more attention. Karrde arrived for the wedding, which was to be a huge media event, and spoke with Jade as they prepared. While they waited, they were approached by Banner Sumptor, an agent in a plot by the rogue Moff Derran Takkar to disrupt the wedding and kill Skywalker and Jade. Sumptor had come to regret his participation and confessed that the attack was coming. Karrde took Banner to see Skywalker and Solo. Antilles was also present, and insisted that the wedding go on as planned while he recruited Chewbacca, a handful of Jedi, and Rogue Squadron veterans to try to cut off the plotters before they could disrupt the ceremony. Karrde gave Jade away to Skywalker, but Takkar was able to sneak in and threatened to release a computer virus across the galaxy. With the Force and reason, Skywalker convinced Takkar to give himself up and the wedding continued peacefully. As member systems of the New Republic clamored for the benefits of Karrde's information-sharing network as well, he was forced to expand his organization beyond the point where he could know all his employees personally, something he regretted. He also began slowly moving out of the smuggling business, a process which took several years, as did Jade's disengagement from the organization. He did maintain a reasonable shipping business, but kept his trade legitimate. In 22 ABY, he sent the Skywalkers to inform Jerf Huxley, one of his smuggling associates, that he would no longer be part of the organization as smuggling was phased out. While they were away on that mission, one employee, Dean Jinzler, made off with a message for the Skywalkers from Admiral Voss Parck of the Empire of the Hand—an Imperialist territory in the Unknown Regions which had been the source of Skywalker's copy of the Caamas Document. Karrde was furious and upset with himself for having had an untrustworthy employee, and aboard the Errant Venture, he raced to meet with them after they dealt with Huxley. They met and Karrde explained the situation, with the Skywalkers telling him some broad details of the situation on Nirauan, which Karrde had never learned. They decided to set out for Nirauan and get the message personally while Karrde tried to track down Jinzler. Jinzler in fact turned up on the mission to recover Outbound Flight to which Parck had invited the Skywalkers; he had had a sister aboard the ship and wished to visit the site of her death. Once they got back, the Skywalkers explained the situation to Karrde and spared Jinzler from his wrath. Karrde also at some point wrote a piece regarding the information he had learned about the Aing-Tii. When the extragalactic Yuuzhan Vong invaded in 25 ABY using biologically engineered weapons, the New Republic and the Jedi were able to repel their first strike and kept information regarding them from Karrde and the Remnant, releasing only a few details. As the war grew in scope, information on it was openly shared, with the New Republic waging a life-or-death struggle against the invaders. After the Yuuzhan Vong destroyed Jade Skywalker's ship, the Jade Sabre, Karrde helped outfit its replacement, the Jade Shadow, by procuring several advanced weapons systems for the yacht. When the Hutts struck a deal with the Yuuzhan Vong a few months into the war, Karrde knew that they would have asked for terms and began watching their spice shipments carefully, thinking that the Yuuzhan Vong would tip the Hutts off to invasions in advance and cause the Hutts to cut off deliveries. He noticed interruptions in the spice trade to Corellia, Tynna, and Bothawui, but knew that that was not enough evidence for the New Republic to act on, especially as he felt the Senate or intelligence networks had been compromised. Instead, he visited the Jedi Praxeum at Yavin 4 and asked Skywalker to send some Jedi with him for a meeting with the Hutts in which he hoped to confirm his suspicions; he felt that having the Jedi aid in providing this information would help rehabilitate their public image, which had been suffering. Jedi Master Kyp Durron and Jedi Knight Ganner Rhysode agreed to be part of his party. The two Jedi accompanied Karrde and D'ukal to a meeting with Rol'Waran, an agent of the Hutt Borga Besadii Diori. Karrde requested spice, claiming he had decided to get back in the trade because the war made his information-sharing position obsolete—the New Republic and Remnant were sharing information directly. Their meeting was interrupted by the arrival of Bombaasa, who had taken a position in Borga's organization. Bombaasa recognized Durron, but was not hostile and confirmed indirectly that Tynna, Corellia, and Bothawui had all been indicated as potential targets to the Hutts; he asked Karrde to point out to the New Republic that the Hutts were willing to aid both sides and he personally was an ally of the New Republic. Karrde brought the information to Belindi Kalenda and Showolter, two disgraced New Republic Intelligence officials eager to clear their names. They took steps to verify it, bringing Karrde along in a stealth ship to watch as Tynna fell to the Yuuzhan Vong, corroborating Karrde's account and justifying military buildups at Bothawui and Corellia. When the Hutts resumed service to Bothawui but not Corellia, Karrde brought that to the New Republic's attention, but no action was taken. The Hutts also leaked to Karrde, through Bombaasa, that the captured Jedi Knight Wurth Skidder was being held in a Yuuzhan Vong yammosk-carrying ship headed to Kalarba. Karrde immediately recruited Durron's Kyp's Dozen squadron to rescue their compatriot. Skidder died before a rescue could be effected, however, and the information marking Corellia as a target proved to be Yuuzhan Vong misinformation designed to mislead the New Republic while the invaders in fact struck at Fondor. Karrde and the Jedi were both left in disrepute, and Karrde traveled to Yavin 4 to personally apologize to Skywalker, though Skywalker felt that Karrde had nothing to apologize for. When the Yuuzhan Vong-collaborationist Peace Brigade began targeting Jedi in response to a Yuuzhan Vong bounty, Skywalker requested that Karrde evacuate the students at Yavin in order to keep them from being sitting targets. Karrde procured a small fleet and went to pick them up, but the Peace Brigade had beaten him there. He detected a firefight on the surface and immediately rushed to aid the Jedi. He contacted Imsatad, the Peace Brigade captain, and offered his assistance in capturing the Jedi, telling Imsatad he wished to make allies of the Yuuzhan Vong in order to reopen his smuggling business through their territory. The Peace Brigade accepted his aid and Karrde brought his vornskrs to the surface, boasting of their capability to track Jedi through the Force. He also claimed to bring an ysalamir, though the covered cage in fact held no such thing. The vornskrs began tracking the Jedi, and when he was convinced he had led the twenty Peace Brigaders to the Jedi hiding place inside one of the temples, he opened fire on them along with D'ukal and two other employees. Jedi Masters Kam and Tionne Solusar emerged from hiding to even the odds, then led the Jedi children out of the temple, where the Wild Karrde eliminated Peace Brigade resistance and picked them up. They were blockaded in their attempt to leave the system, however, and Karrde had to make a desperate proton torpedo launch to avoid being tractored, taking damage in the process. That bought him enough time for the rest of his fleet to arrive, at which point he outgunned Imsatad. Knowing that Anakin Solo, Tahiri Veila, Valin Horn, and Sannah remained behind, he forced Imsatad to ground all his ships for a search, but transferred the students and Tionne Solusar to the Idiot's Array, which ferried them to safety. Kam Solusar remained behind to aid in the search. Before his orders could be carried out, however, a Yuuzhan Vong fleet arrived in the system. Karrde sent D'ukal away on the Idiot's Array to get the children away and bring reinforcements, then withdrew to the edge of the system until those reinforcements arrived; he would not leave the remaining students. Karrde held out through guerrilla actions, eliminating any Yuuzhan Vong ships that tried to leave the system. Once she had delivered the children, D'ukal returned with the news that the New Republic, under Fey'lya, would not grant military aid but that Skywalker was attempting to find Terrik and the Errant Venture. When a transport departed Yavin 4, Solusar confirmed that Solo and the other students were aboard; Karrde committed his small force to covering their escape. The fastest ships—Wild Karrde, Idiot's Array, Etherway, and Sudden Demise—drove to rendezvous with the students' transport; Demise was destroyed in the first exchange of fire, Etherway was disabled, and Idiot's Array was destroyed but took an enemy destroyer with it, leaving Karrde anguished at the loss of D'ukal. At that moment, the Errant Venture appeared, decimating the Yuuzhan Vong forces and clearing the way for the students' recovery. A further day of battle cleared all the invaders from the system, during which the Errant Venture recovered D'ukal in an escape pod, greatly relieving Karrde. Karrde then evacuated the slaves the Yuuzhan Vong had kept on Yavin 4, and destroyed the Yuuzhan Vong base, ending his business in the system. The evacuation became a political issue, as Fey'lya had forbidden Skywalker and the Jedi from interfering with the Yuuzhan Vong's arrival in the Yavin system on the grounds that it would violate the weak truce that had been agreed to. On the basis of Karrde's participation on Skywalker's orders, Fey'lya ordered the arrest of Luke and Mara Jade Skywalker. The pair had to escape Coruscant and go underground with the rest of the Jedi. Karrde, meanwhile, continued operating with the Jedi and Solos. When Han and Jacen Solo went to Mos Eisley to seek information from Shalo, whom they suspected of ties to the Peace Brigade, Karrde organized their backup, eliminating Shalo's hidden enforcers around the cantina. When Shalo attempted an ambush, he was easily captured while Solo gained the location of his contacts who shipped slaves for the Yuuzhan Vong. Karrde met with Solo and gave him the registry of the Peace Brigade-tied freighters he had been pirating: Kuat Photonics. Unknown to Karrde, Shalo had had another level of backup, who struck while they were talking. While the Solos made it across the street to set up a crossfire, Karrde fought his way to the cantina's roof and eliminated the attackers. On further interrogation, Shalo revealed that a major convoy would stop over Tatooine the next day, and Karrde and Solo planned to ambush it. When it arrived, both Karrde and Solo felt that something was suspicious, and were proven right when a Yuuzhan Vong interdictor and frigate decanted from hyperspace in an ambush. Karrde's four-ship fleet engaged the frigate and some of the Peace Brigade escort while Solo made use of an unusual tactic to overwhelm the interdictor's defenses with compressed hydrogen, temporarily taking it out of commission and allowing Karrde and the Millennium Falcon to flee. The Jedi were able to patch up relations with Fey'lya, and when Skywalker planned a Jedi strike to free hostages of the Yuuzhan Vong at Talfaglio, Karrde learned of the strike and quietly fed information to Generals Antilles and Bel Iblis, who took the new, gravity-well-projector-equipped Star Destroyers Elegos A'Kla and Mon Mothma for a "shakedown cruise" to Talfaglio to aid with the operation, which was successful. Karrde continued monitoring the galactic situation, and informed the New Republic when a huge enemy fleet departed Borleias. The fleet arrived at Coruscant, where it overwhelmed the New Republic's defenses and seized the galactic capital. Fey'lya was killed in the conquest and the New Republic's leadership fled in disarray. Karrde's intelligence network remained strong enough for him to maintain his surveillance of enemy activity, and he reported an increase in Yuuzhan Vong ability to track refugee traffic to Antilles, who had retaken Borleias and set it up a fortress work protecting refugees from the Core. Karrde helped Antilles and Calrissian set up a sting on the forces ambushing refugees with which they determined that the Yuuzhan Vong were using no technique more sophisticated than relying on refuges to turn each other in for bounties. When Antilles and the Solos began setting up secret resistance cells on worlds in danger of falling to the invaders, Karrde fed them information and contacts useful in setting up those cells. When the New Republic finally reestablished central authority on Mon Calamari, Karrde, Calrissian, and Terrik led a sixteen-ship convoy from the Smugglers' Alliance—now revived to combat the Yuuzhan Vong—to the new capital with Calrissian hoping to sell his new YVH-series combat droids to the government. They met with Skywalker, who informed them of the political situation, which saw Cal Omas and Fyor Rodan squaring off in elections for the post of chief of state; Ta'laam Ranth and Cola Quis also seeking votes. Karrde and Calrissian decided to help Omas, the pro-Jedi candidate, along but declined to give Skywalker, who was nervous over their plans, details. Skywalker was able to put them in contact with Dif Scaur and Ayddar Nylykerka, the heads of New Republic Intelligence and New Republic Fleet Intelligence respectively, who purchased the YVH-M model droids, capable of sensing and tracking Yuuzhan Vong infiltrators. Meanwhile, Calrissian began making the rounds of Rodan's Senate supporters, offering each a portion of the relief goods they had brought for the refugees on Mon Calamari—easily interpreted as a bribe—and requesting aid in voting for the purchase of the YVH droids. Karrde recorded the transactions from an adjoining room, and after the bill had been approved, they threatened to expose the recordings to the public unless the senators cast their votes for Omas. They remained safe from ramifications if the recordings appeared, as they had only actually suggested the senators distribute the supplies, not sell them. Karrde also used his intelligence sources to dig up other incriminating information with which to pressure additional senators. With the election thus rigged, Omas was elected the New Republic's next chief of state. Omas began building a new administration which welcomed the Jedi and planned to take the war to the Yuuzhan Vong; the legendary Admiral Ackbar returned from retirement to mastermind a plan for victory which would lure the Yuuzhan Vong into a massive trap at Ebaq 9. Karrde volunteered his Smugglers' Alliance squadron for the operation and was placed under Han Solo, reactivated as a general to coordinate the group with the New Republic military. The group was assigned to support Admiral Traest Kre'fey's fleet, and Karrde captained the Wild Karrde in the Battle of Ebaq 9, helping hold the Battle Group of Yun-Q'aah from Ebaq 9. In the battle, most of the Yuuzhan Vong forces were destroyed and, on Ebaq 9 itself, Jaina Solo killed Warmaster Tsavong Lah in single combat. It took a week to extract her group from the asteroid, which had had its entrance destroyed; Karrde stayed in the system for the entire period and was there to welcome Solo when she returned to the fleet. Omas reformed the New Republic into the Galactic Federation of Free Alliances, which the Smugglers' Alliance continued serving, recruiting Bombassa into their ranks. When Han and Leia Solo went on a mission to Caluula, Karrde, Terrik, and Calrissian arrived aboard the Errant Venture to aid in their extraction. Arriving, they found the world devastated by the Alpha Red virus, engineered by the Galactic Alliance to kill Yuuzhan Vong life forms and released on Caluula in a test of its effectiveness. Horrified by the use of the bioweapon and frightened that it might cause blowback and infect life forms native to the galaxy, Karrde ordered the Errant Venture to eliminate any infected craft that tried to leave, but one ship had already gotten past. Karrde and his Smugglers' Alliance allies traveled with the Solos to the living world of Zonama Sekot, which had taken up orbit in the Coruscant system and so terrified the Yuuzhan Vong, who regarded it as an ill omen, that it was safe for the Galactic Alliance forces to land on despite being in the heart of Yuuzhan Vong territory. When the Galactic Alliance planned an invasion of Coruscant to retake the world, Karrde's Smugglers' Alliance contingent participated. They watched quietly as the gargantuan Galactic Alliance fleet engaged Warmaster Nas Choka's defenses, waiting to make their move, when Karrde detected a small fleet detaching from the main enemy group and setting off for Zonama Sekot. He alerted the Jedi on Sekot and jumped his force to the planet's defense, where he was joined by the Hapan war fleet. They were beaten back by the superior force and could not protect Sekot from strafing attacks, though Karrde and Calrissian did their best to hunt down the harassing ships. They were surprised to be pulled from the sky by Sekotan ships. Disembarking, Karrde was shocked to see the Yuuzhan Vong likewise pulled down, where their biotic weapons abandoned them to merge with Sekot's consciousness, inducing the warriors to surrender. Meanwhile, Skywalker killed Supreme Overlord Shimrra Jamaane in battle while Jacen Solo eliminated the true power behind the throne, Onimi. Faced with the death of their leadership and the presence of the religiously significant living world Sekot, Choka surrendered, ending the war. Karrde remained in the system as reclamation and pacification efforts began, aiding in various tasks and basing himself on Sekot. At one point, he was spending down time with Han Solo, Terrik, and Bombaasa when Calrissian arrived and began sharing his brandy; Generals Antilles and Tycho Celchu joined shortly and a small party developed among the old friends in which they discussed the changes wrought by the war and speculated as to the future. Karrde suggested he would be pursuing legitimate profits in helping rebuild and reestablish trade routes. Karrde maintained his information sources, and ten years later, when relations between Corellia and the Galactic Alliance were growing strained, Jade Skywalker was able to obtain advice from Karrde on how to infiltrate a Jedi strike team on Corellia, which the Jedi used in an attempt to capture the Corellian leaders and force negotiations. Tensions eventually erupted into war, in which Corellia was joined by a Confederation of worlds also desiring independence from the Galactic Alliance. Jacen Solo established a new secret police, the Galactic Alliance Guard and eventually arrested Omas on treason charges and began rule as co-chief of state with military supreme commander Cha Niathal and, having fallen to the dark side, caused Skywalker to withdraw his support of the Galactic Alliance; Jade Skywalker was meanwhile killed by an unknown assailant in a turn of events Karrde would have found deeply saddening. Solo declared the Jedi enemies of the state, but Karrde put his organization's resources at their disposal, providing information, equipment, and information-processing capabilities that helped the Jedi mount a successful raid on Solo's Star Destroyer. In 43 ABY, two years after Jacen Solo, revealed as Jade Skywalker's killer and the Sith Lord Darth Caedus, was defeated, Luke Skywalker was arrested on charges of dereliction of duty for failing to prevent Solo's descent to the dark side. He accepted a plea bargain which had him exiled for ten years and removed from his Jedi responsibilities, unless he could find the cause of Solo's fall. Karrde was among many sorrowful friends who saw Skywalker off from Coruscant. Karrde had a passion for information and felt it could be a powerful asset, sometimes more important than brute force. He felt himself to be a sophisticated and genteel individual and avoided violence whenever possible, but was not averse to engaging in it when necessary. He had a strong sense of humor, leading to his tendency to place puns in the names of his ships, and frequently in his pseudonyms as well. Karrde did not believe in displays of wealth and power, instead preferring to remain inconspicuous and avoid drawing possible foes. He did not hold strong personal grudges, realizing that foes could become allies if it was profitable; he was friendly and charismatic toward friends and enemies alike. Despite this—or perhaps because of it—he was perceived as calculating and mercenary by many of his peers. He also had no desire to ally himself with either side of the Galactic Civil War, instead playing both sides off each other. When he was reluctantly drawn onto the New Republic's side, he was resentful of his growing entanglement. He continued to serve the New Republic on only a mercenary basis, though others felt he was in self-denial about his loyalty to the New Republic. When the Yuuzhan Vong invaded the galaxy, however, he came down firmly on the New Republic's side, fighting for his life. Karrde lived by a strict code of honor, providing protection for all who were his guests regardless of how he felt about them and was determined to keep his word. He detested slavery and kidnapping and refused to engage in either. This was recognized by his peers, who felt him to be as close to trustworthy as a fringer could be. Karrde was fiercely loyal to his personnel and dedicated to their protection. When he gave his word, he was absolutely dedicated to keeping it, even at heavy personal cost to himself. He treated his employees extremely well, earning their respect and devotion in turn. He was known as someone who should not be crossed, and his retribution was feared. He would not tolerate any mistreatment of his people whatsoever and extracted heavy punishments for harm done to members of his organization. He would not hire bounty hunters, however, preferring to do his own dirty work.
Breggs Ker'tani was a male Bothan information broker who lived during the Galactic Civil War.
Knotts was a male human from the Core Worlds. In 29 BBY, he relocated to the planet of Lantillies. He established himself as a middleman, bringing clients in want of goods or services together with freelance spacers, taking a credit percentage on each transaction. During the Clone Wars, Knotts worked a subcontractor for Republic Intelligence, operating under the supervision of Dodd Rancit. He was responsible for the secret transport of weapons and other useful materials to resistance groups, trained by station chief Berch Teller, that operated on worlds occupied by the enemy Confederacy of Independent Systems, including Antar 4. Like Teller, Knotts was horrified by the Galactic Empire's brutal "Antar Atrocity", which claimed the lives of many Koorivar and Gotal loyalists. During the Imperial Era, Knotts joined a group of resistance fighters led by Teller, who was secretly assisted by Vice Admiral Rancit. After stealing Moff Wilhuff Tarkin's personal starship Carrion Spike, Teller and his followers raided several Imperial facilities in 14 BBY. Knott's involvement in Teller's campaign was uncovered by Tarkin following a major hyperspace accident in the Obroa-skai system, that had been instigated by Teller's insurgents to throw Tarkin and Darth Vader off their trail. Following the Battle near the Gulf of Tatooine, Knotts and several of Teller's followers were captured and quietly executed.Broker and Republic Intelligence operativeKnotts was a native of the Core Worlds who relocated to the Outer Rim world of Lantillies fifteen years before the Berch Teller campaign of 14 BBY. On Lantillies, Knotts established himself as a middle-man who brought clients in want of goods or services together with freelance spacers who could fulfill their needs. At some point, Knotts was married but subsequently divorced. During the Clone Wars, Knotts worked as a subcontractor for Republic Intelligence and helped facilitate the covert transport of firearms and other materials to resistance groups including loyalist forces on the Inner Rim moon of Antar 4. Knotts was also acquainted with the Republic Intelligence station chief Berch Teller, who trained Gotal and Koorivar loyalists on Antar 4. Like Teller, Knotts was horrified by Moff Wilhuff Tarkin's brutal purge known as the Antar Atrocity, which claimed the lives of many loyalists.During the early Imperial Era, Knotts became an ally of Berch Teller's nascent insurgent group, which consisted of survivors of the Antar Atrocity and other critics of the Empire such as the journalist Anora Fair and film-maker Hask Taff. In the years leading up to 14 BBY, Teller and his rebel comrades amassed various resources including proscribed armaments, former Separatist droid starfighters, warships, and communications jammers with the help of the Imperial Vice Admiral Dodd Rancit, a rival of Moff Tarkin. Despite the odds stacked against them, Teller hoped to inspire a rebellion against the Empire. Teller also reserved a special animus for Tarkin, the architect of the Antar Atrocity. Following Teller's attack on Sentinel Base, Knotts helped to negotiate a deal between a lieutenant in the Crymorah syndicate and the Sugi smuggler Faazah for a supply of custom fuel cells, which were shipped to the planet Murkhana shortly before Tarkin and Vader's visit to investigate a Separatist communications cache. This enabled Teller and his followers to hijack and steal Tarkin's stealth corvette Carrion Spike. The insurgents added these fuel cells to the ship's fuel supply, which lasted long enough for the insurgents to travel to Phindar in the Mandalore sector.Knotts later helped Teller's insurgents to throw their Imperial pursuers off-scent. He hired a Koorivar captain and two Sy Myrthians to crew the freighter Reticent, which was carrying a cargo of Sephi flyers. Three years earlier, Knotts had loaned them credits to buy the Reticent. He sent them on a delivery run from Taris to Thustra and then Obroa-skai. Unknown to the hapless crew, they were to serve as decoy. In order to mislead their Imperial pursuers, Teller had transmitted fake coordinates purporting that the Carrion Spike was traveling to the Obroa-skai system. Tarkin and Darth Vader assembled a sizeable Imperial force including three interdictor vessels to intercept the stolen Carrion Spike, which had attacked several Imperial facilities throughout the galaxy. However, the prototype Immobilizer 418 cruiser's gravity well projector malfunctioned, creating a massive hyperspace accident which claimed 1,100 lives and caused considerable damage. Despite the debacle, Tarkin and Vader managed to capture and interrogate the crew of the Reticent. Under questioning, the Koorivar captain admitted that he had taken a job with Knotts. Though Vader's interrogation of the Reticent crew yielded little information, the Sith Lord subsequently learnt from one of his Crymorah informants that Knotts had facilitated negotiations between a Crymorah lieutenant and Faazah to obtain the fuel cells which Teller and his insurgents used to power the stolen Carrion Spike. Acting on this information, Tarkin uncovered more information about Knott's background and connections to the Antar Atrocity on the HoloNet database.After Teller and his followers abandoned the Carrion Spike and sent the ship on a journey to the Colonies planet of Carida, they rejoined Knotts and the others aboard Berch Teller's warship, a heavily modified former Separatist Providence-class carrier-destroyer that served as the insurgent cell's flagship. Knotts helped to steer the hidden carrier-destroyer from its place of concealment near Lantillies. The insurgents traveled to a remote star system near the Gulf of Tatooine where they intended to ambush an Imperial convoy ferrying supplies along a chain of space stations that led to Geonosis, the site of the secret Death Star project. Since Vice-Admiral Rancit had diverted considerable Imperial forces in response to Teller's insurgency, Knotts was confident that their insurgents would destroy the convoy. Unaware that Moff Tarkin and Lord Vader had discovered Rancit's treachery, Knotts and Teller believed that Rancit's credibility would be affected by their raid on the Imperial convoy. Knotts remarked that Rancit would be unhappy at being denied his expected promotion and would come hunting them down. Teller reassured Knotts that a successful raid would cause Rancit to be dismissed from his position at the Naval Intelligence Agency, eliminating the threat posed by the Vice-Admiral. When the Mon Calamari starship engineer Dr. Artoz inquired about Tarkin, Knotts responded that he would get back what was left of his precious "corvette." When Knotts expressed concerned a vindictive Tarkin would pursue them, Teller suggested that the group scatter and flee to the Corporate Sector. Knotts then asked how far they would set the Empire back by destroying the convoy. Artoz responded that the Empire had been working on the hyperdrive components for three years before he was sent to Desolation Station. He believed that the attack would push the Imperials back by four years. Teller speculated that the Empire was working on a weapons platform above Geonosis and asked if they needed to know more than that. Teller reassured him that once the galaxy got to know the Emperor as well as they knew him, their group would not be alone. Despite the odds stacked against them, Knotts and his comrades vowed to fight for the memory of Antar 4. Shortly later, the Koorivar Cala arrived with the news that the convoy had exited hyperspace. Before Teller departed on his starfighter, Knotts wished him all the best. The insurgents attacked the convoy with their Providence carrier-destroyer, Nebulon-B frigate, multiple droid tri-fighters, and four starfighters. They managed to encircle the convoy ships and their escorts before swarming them with starfighters. Before the insurgents could wipe out the convoy, Tarkin arrived aboard the Imperial Star Destroyer Executrix and attacked the rebel ships. After dispatching starfighters and destroying the insurgents' Nebulon-B frigate, Tarkin disabled the insurgents' carrier-destroyer, preventing them from escaping. Teller managed to flee into hyperspace with the help of Anora and the Gotal Salikk. Moff Tarkin then boarded the insurgents' flagship with stormtroopers. Knotts was among the 26 insurgents captured by Imperial forces. When Tarkin inspected his prisoners and greeted Knotts, the insurgent stared straight ahead and offered no reply. Tarkin then mockingly questioned Knotts about him and Teller betraying their former collaborator Rancit.Following the defeat of Berch Teller's rebel cell, Knotts and his comrades were interrogated by Tarkin, Lord Vader, and Imperial Security Bureau specialists. Knotts and his fellow rebels and collaborators were then executed. Though the ISB advocated public executions, the Emperor rejected the idea in order to avoid turning Teller's followers into martyrs.Knotts was a middle-aged human man with silver hair, rheumy eyes, and a deeply-lined face. According to Tarkin, he had a world-weary look associated with veteran soldiers who had experienced more than their share of tragedy. As an information broker and middle-man, Knotts had a reputation as a dispatcher and an agent who took what Tarkin regarded as a fair credit percentage on each transaction. Knotts was sympathetic to the former Republic Intelligence officer–turned insurgent leader Berch Teller. He shared Teller's contempt for the Empire and antipathy towards Moff Tarkin. Like Teller and his other followers, Knotts regarded the Antar Atrocity as a war crime that had to avenged through rebellion and guerrilla attacks. Knotts maintained a defiant composure when captured by Tarkin.In addition to his work as an information broker, Knotts also knew how to pilot capital ships such as Berch Teller's warship.
Jib Kopatha was a male Bothan information broker stationed on Void Station, he was killed by Darth Vader for his failure to provide information.Working on Void Station, Koptha began giving information to the Galactic Empire. After not receiving any information from Kopatha for months, Darth Vader lost patience with the Bothan. He went to Void Station, where he warned Kopatha that he would have to provide information regarding the Rebel Alliance in order to live. Kopatha complied and tried to persuade Vader to stay in the city for a few days, offering him various delicate foods and women, but was turned down. Soon, Han Solo and Chewbacca arrived on Void Station on a mission for the Alliance. They were betrayed to Kopatha by one of Han's former associates, Sheel Odala; she owed money to Kopatha. When Odala arrived back at the sabacc table, she gave Han a kiss, and then Solo and Chewbacca were surrounded by Trandoshans. She explained to the two smugglers that she had no choice. Kopatha had Solo tortured by a Dug to extract useful information while Odala watched, though Chewbacca escaped. Kopatha generously allowed her to leave with her ship and a souvenir, Han's DL-44 heavy blaster pistol. At the hangar, Odala met Chewbacca and planned to free Solo. They sneaked through the ventilation and killed the Dug, allowing Han to escape. Kopatha was unable to stop them and called for his guards. At that moment, Vader arrived once again and confronted the Bothan. He grabbed the Bothan by the throat and told Kopatha he failed to give him information. When Kopatha stuttered that he captured a Rebel, Vader released him, but was not pleased that the Rebel has escaped. Vader swung his lightsaber blade at the Bothan, killing him for his failure. Vader walked away from the body as the lights went off. Kopatha was a greedy individual who had no loyalty to any affiliation, only providing information to the Empire to save his skin. Despite his greed, he could be "generous" at times.
Televan Koreyy was a Human male native to Mos Espa. He was an information broker and also the head of Tatooine's Street Performers And Panhandlers' Guild in 32 BBY. Koreyy could survive for a long time on Tatooine and he was known for his strict attitude in the guild over other members. Koreyy was also an informant.
Krata was a male Arcona tracker and information broker living during the Galactic War. He was hired by the Twi'lek Vette to learn the whereabouts of her sister Tivva, though Vette mistakenly thought him a Kubaz until their meeting. Krata eventually learned that Tivva was sold to Toobu the Hutt and passed over that information to Vette in exchange for his fee.
Ladira was a female Devaronian Information broker, who operated in Mos Eisley during the Galactic Civil War. She pretended to be sympathetic to both the Galactic Empire and the Rebel Alliance, so that she could get business from both factions. After Momaw Nadon was kidnapped by crime lord Centa Sonhan, Ladira gave the Rebel Alliance the location of Centa Sonhan's sail barge, where Nadon was being held. However, she didn't want to compromise her relations with the Empire, so she also arranged for some stormtroopers to intercept the Rebels.
Benbul Leedee was a male Gungan informant who lived during the time of the Galactic Civil War. Kima Nazith commissioned a spacer with killing Leedee, after he betrayed the Rebel Alliance and aligned with the Empire.
Bodo Linx was a Nuxan male who worked as an informant. The Galactic Empire killed his family, setting him against them. He met with Leia Organa, Luke Skywalker, Han Solo and Sana Starros on Barnahof, giving Organa the details for a contact of his on Brentaal IV. During the Imperial Era, Linx's entire family were killed by the Galactic Empire, leading him to oppose the regime. He found work as an informant, giving information to others in exchange for credits. In a cantina on Barnahof, Linx met with Rebel Alliance heroes Leia Organa, Luke Skywalker and Han Solo, who were being secretly transported by Sana Starros after the Empire drove them from their base at the Mako-Ta Space Docks. Linx possessed a datacard that contained details of Qensog, a contact on Brentaal IV who he believed could help reunite the fragmented Rebellion. While they were discussing the deal, stormtroopers entered the cantina, and the rebel fugitives hid underneath the table. The stormtroopers demanded to see both Starros' and Linx's identification, which they provided. After the stormtroopers showed them holograms of the rebel leaders that were currently hiding beneath them, Starros denied seeing any of them. When the stormtroopers inquired about the table's large size for two people to sit at, Starros claimed that it was because of the Nuxan's natural smell, which Linx agreed with. The stormtroopers turned to leave, and the rebels emerged from under the table. Linx handed the datacard containing his contact's details to Organa, who thanked him. Starros and the rebels left, and Linx wished them luck, telling them to be careful. The rebels eventually met Qensog on Brentaal, and the Herglic provided them with coordinates that led them to the Home One in the Kaliida Nebula. Linx claimed that he had no morals, calling himself a "monster". Despite this, the deaths of his family at the hands of the Empire made him sympathetic to the Rebellion's cause, and he was willing to assist them. As a reptilian Nuxan, he had green eyes, and green skin with spots of brown.
{{Spoiler|Star Wars: War of the Bounty Hunters|}} Deva Lompop was a Shani female bounty hunter and mercenary who operated from the time of the High Republic into the Imperial Era. Lompop carried a variety of different weapons, including knives and blasters, and wore plated armor. By the time of the Imperial Era, Lompop had moved onto other work, but the bounty hunter was specifically requested by Jabba the Hutt, joining the hunt for the carbonite-frozen smuggler Han Solo, though she secretly wanted to kill Jabba. Eventually she learned the location of Solo and informed Crimson Dawn of his location, for which she was paid.
Mama was an information broker on Ord Mantell. As a member of the Columi species, Mama possessed a large hairless head, which weighed a fifth of her total body weight and was supported by a tiny bipedal body. She had black unblinking eyes. She was the proprietor of a smuggler's haven. Han Solo contacted her to find out information about Alfreda Goot who had kidnapped Leia Organa; however, Mama was killed shortly afterwards, causing her two sons—Marvid and Craitheus Qreph—to spend the next several decades hunting down and "destroying" all possible suspects in her murder. The two killed over a dozen suspects and their families, wrecking their victims' lives before killing them.
Masel was a male Koorivar who operated on Nar Shaddaa as an arms dealer and information broker.
Maxhagan was a male Human who settled in Greenwood Station on the planet Nox.According to Tre Sana, in 25,797 BBY, Maxhagan was crossed by a family from Volke House on Shikaakwa, which bought information from Maxhagan but refused to pay. In response, Maxhagan initiated a feud that destroyed the Volke family's entire network on Nox and left three thousand others dead. By 25,793 BBY, Maxhagan was making all of his money from information, through his control of the Network, a collection of informants which reach extended beyond Greenwood Station to all of Nox. It is known that he had conducted business with Tre Sana, though they did not meet and their business did not involve the Network. Maxhagan later dealt with Tre Sana and Lanoree Brock, finding the whereabouts of Lanoree's brother, Dalien Brock, for a fee. Tre Sana described Maxhagan as a sharp and brutal, saying he would have had no trouble sleeping after three thousand sentients died as a result of his actions. When Lanoree Brock touched his mind, her impression was that his thoughts were akin to a pit of filth. Maxhagan chose to remain in the open rather than hide, running a stall that sold imported water in District Six, but this did not belie a lack of caution. He kept armed men covertly around him as bodyguards, and had implants that enhanced his ability to keep Je'daii out of his thoughts.
Meldark was a male Human who proclaimed himself the preeminent information broker on Level 35 of the moon Nar Shaddaa during the reign of the New Republic. He spent a good deal of time at the Dark Melody bar, where the spice variation, tempest, was actively discussed.
Arrejis Mellaha was a Squib shopowner and information broker who operated Serooin's Gear in Betha Starport on the smuggler's planet Betha II. He sold a variety of legal and illegal merchandise. In 9 ABY, an Imperial faction known as the Kaarenth Dissension was sowing anti-human and anti-New Republic feeling among the aliens of Corva sector. Uneasy with the new atmosphere of distrust, Mellaha decided that everything in his store had to go and prepared to relocate to a safer location.In 9 ABY Arrejis Mellaha was operating a personal supplies store called Serooin's Gear. The shop was located on the West Cliff of Betha Starport on Betha II, a sparsely populated smuggler's haven in Corva sector., pp. 57–59. That year, a splinter group of the Galactic Empire known as the Kaarenth Dissension was flexing its muscles in the region and stirring up anti-human sentiment among aliens. As violence and mistrust spread to the starport, Mellaha came to trust no one but himself. He could see the Kaarenth Dissension's tentacles squirming ever closer to his place of business, so he started laying the groundwork for a move to another patch of galaxy before it was too late. One day in 9 ABY, a group claiming to be smugglers—unbeknownst to Mellaha, they were actually New Republic agents—wandered into his shop and made some purchases. As they left, he gave them a warning: stay away from Docking Bay Three. He refused to divulge more.Mellaha was paranoid, greeting visitors to his shop with a curt question and a reach for a hidden blaster. Nevertheless, he wanted to move operations to another world, so he gladly sold anything in the shop. He ignored legality when stocking his shelves, and his prices were 20% above the normal level. He was a particularly keen purveyor of information and answered inquiries honestly for a mere 50 credits. The Squib had nothing in particular against humans or the New Republic—their designations of certain items as illegal merely drove up the prices—and he had no love for the Kaarenth Dissention. Still, he felt it was better to look out for his own fur rather than pick sides. To that end, he was planning to uproot and relocate at the earliest opportunity.
Morth was a male Human who lived on the planet Genarius during the waning years of the Galactic Republic. He was employed in the retail sector, but later made a career for him self as an information broker in the city Oluna Biqua. Following the release of the gas Trinex-M in the city during the time of the Clone Wars, Morth gained the ability to use the Force, and was driven insane by his use of the farsight Force power.
Kud'ar Mub'at was the only known fully-developed member of the assembler species. He served as a go-between and middleman for many of the less legal activities of the galaxy.From what is known of his kind, Kud'ar Mub'at was once a subnode who gained its independence by consuming the assembler which created it. For a home, it created a web as large as a spaceship, which drifted in space. The web was made of neurofibers connected to Kud'ar Mub'at, so in essence, any being that visited the web was walking within his brain, and was constantly under surveillance. He also incorporated starship weapons and sublight engines into the web. Mub'at created his own subnodes, each with a specific job within the web. They were all connected to the web, allowing Mub'at to track and communicate with them. Generally, subnodes had little intelligence, but one named Balancesheet developed an intelligence on par with its creator. Balancesheet kept most of its intelligence hidden, knowing Mub'at would probably eliminate him for fear that the subnode might gain its own independence. Mub'at found that he could negotiate with two parties by allowing Balancesheet to crawl into one of his shed carapaces and act as if it were Mub'at itself. He himself would see to one customer, while Balancesheet would attend to the other. During the negotiations, they could silently communicate with each other through the web.Among the Kud'ar Mub'at's largest customers was the Bounty Hunters' Guild, who used his services to ensure prompt payments of bounties collected by its members. Kud'ar Mub'at was also involved in the plans of many powerful beings, such as Kuat of Kuat and Prince Xizor of Black Sun. Xizor and Mub'at orchestrated the destruction of the Bounty Hunters' Guild and plotted the death of Boba Fett. Kud'ar Mub'at convinced Boba Fett to join the Guild in order to bring about its destruction. While Mub'at was preoccupied with his plans, the subnode Balancesheet continued to gain intelligence and autonomy from its creator, eventually severing its connection to the web and Mub'at. Balancesheet formed its own alliance with Xizor, and together they overthrew Kud'ar Mub'at. The now powerless Mub'at pleaded with Boba Fett to take him away, but Fett declined. The pieces of his web drifted through space for several years before they were approached by Fett, along with Dengar and Neelah, looking for information about Kuat's plans. Due to the assembler's strange biology, they were able to bring it back to life, but its memory had been damaged, and it couldn't provide the information they needed. Balancesheet returned to its creator and destroyed it utterly by firing laser cannons into the web and incinerating it.Kud'ar Mub'at was devious and self-centered, caring little for how others felt. He often spoke to other creatures in a patronizing and flattering way, much to their annoyance. He used this sarcastic mode of speech when dealing with those he deemed inferior to him.
Bazine Netal was an alias used by a human female mercenary. Born on the Inner Rim world Chaaktil, she was raised in an orphanage and began training under the former Kanjiklub pirate Delphi Kloda at his  combat school. Eventually, she became a bounty hunter and eventually killed her former mentor Kloda during a mission. She was present in Takodana Castle approximately thirty years after the Battle of Endor. Netal informed the First Order of the presence of BB-8 in Kanata's castle.Early lifeThe human who later adopted the alias Bazine Netal was born on the Inner Rim planet Chaaktil with a name that she later kept secret. As a child, she was taken from an orphanage in Chaako City by Delphi Kloda and raised in Kloda's combat school, where she learned a range of deadly martial arts. There, Kloda nicknamed her "Chaakrabbit."Reaching fourteen years of age, Kloda sent her to steal an item from one of his competitors. This was quickly discovered by her mark, who singed the inexperienced learner with a flamethrower. Despite this, she was able to kill her attacker and complete her goal, though she was left with burn scars on the left side of her scalp. Thereafter, "Chaakrabbit" became a feared bounty hunter and master of disguise, learning from teachers other than Kloda as well. At some point, she adopted the pseudonym "Bazine Netal." She based her operations on Chaaktil around Suli's cantina.Six years after leaving Chaako City, Netal received an assignment from an anonymous client. Her assignment was to retrieve a steel case which was in the possession of former Imperial stormtrooper Jor Tribulus. Netal's client warned her that a competitor known as "Narglatch" would also be hunting for the case. Netal visited Kloda in order to borrow his ship, the Sparrowhawk. Kloda leant her the vessel on the condition that she take Kloda's student, the skilled Pantoran slicer Orri Tenro, along on her mission as a part of his training. Reluctantly, Netal agreed, hoping that Tenro's slicing ability would outweigh the risk he posed to her mission. As they left for the planet Vashka, Tenro proved to be incompetent with anything aside from computers. On Vashka, Netal and Tenro infiltrated the medcenter where Tribulus was most recently recorded as a patient. There they were able to learn the location of Tribulus's retirement facility. Before disembarking for that site, Netal injected Tenro with a poison which rendered him unconscious. Netal discovered that the retirement home had been overtaken by apidactyls. She made her way inside the building by distracting the apidactyls with a thermal detonator. There she met Aric Nightdrifter, a retired stormtrooper who had been living in the building, and he led her to Tribulus's remains. Netal was taken by surprise when Kloda appeared and revealed that he was Narglatch, and he had raised Netal for the sole purpose of sending her after the case in order to steal it himself. After taking the case from Tribulus's corpse and disarming Netal, Kloda trapped Netal in the grave of apidactyl wax and escaped. Using the materials Nightdrifter had buried with Tribulus, Netal was able to escape the building. She threw a detonator ahead of Kloda's narglatch, creating a hole in the ground and trapping Kloda. After a brief struggle, Netal killed Kloda and returned to the Sparrowhawk with the case. During the First Order's conflict with the Resistance, Netal served as a spy with a direct line to the First Order. Located at Maz Kanata's castle on Takodana, Netal posed as Grummgar's girlfriend. As the Millennium Falcon captain Han Solo arrived there with the fugitives Rey, Finn, and BB-8 in 34 ABY, she informed the Order of the wanted droid's sighting, just as a Resistance-sympathetic spy informed its organization likewise. Soon, the First Order military assaulted the site, ultimately sparking the first battle of the First Order/Resistance War. Later, Netal was hired by a employer to search for the Millennium Falcon. She heard a rumor that IG-88 nearly caught it, so she met with IG-88 to discuss about the Millennium Falcon. During their discussion, IG-88 told Netal the story of when he almost caught the Falcon with Agent Kallus. IG-88 also told Netal that he almost had the Millennium Falcon again, but the bounty hunter Boba Fett got to Solo and the Falcon first. Netal responded that IG-88 had a lot of excuses and that her employer only paid for results. Before she left to continue her search, Netal informed IG-88 that someone knew where the Falcon was and that they would tell her where it was. Netal later met with two droids, Doc and Teetee. They told Netal a story of when they encountered the Millennium Falcon on Lotho Minor. After the story, Netal told them that it wasn't even close to what she wanted. When she asked where she could find the Falcon, the pair didn't know as they hadn't seen it since Lotho Minor. Netal became angry but Teetee said that he knew the bounty hunter Embo had come into contact with her quarry. Netal left the droids and went to find Embo. Netal made her way to Felucia where she found Embo. Knowing that Embo's funding from the New Republic had stopped, she made a deal with the Kyuzo where in exchange for credits, he would give her information she needed, about his encounter with the Millennium Falcon. After Embo told Netal a story of when he failed to capture the Falcon on a space station not long after the Battle of Endor, Netal questioned why it had been so hard to capture one ship. Following Embo's response, Netal replied that she would do more than try and capture it, she would succeed. After paying Embo the credits they agreed upon, he told her that he had heard the ship had surfaced somewhere. Finding the information from Embo interesting, Netal added that if there was anyone that wanted to capture the Falcon as much as her employer, it would be "her". Netal then set off for her next destination. After arriving on Corellia, Netal captured one of the most skilled White Worms children so she could talk to Lady Proxima about the Millennium Falcon. She threatened to kill Proxima and the skilled child if she didn't tell her about the Millennium Falcon. Proxima told Netal a story of when Han returned to Corellia for parts for the Millennium Falcon. During this, Moloch, who served the White Worms, captured Han and Chewbacca and brought them to Proxima. Proxima told Han he would be punished because he owed her coaxium and had given her face scars from the sunlight. Chewbacca gave Han a thermal detonator which he used to explode the window which brought in sunlight. The sunlight damaged Proxima's face again and blinded her right eye as Han and Chewbacca made their escape. After the story, Netal became frustrated about that they did not capture the Millennium Falcon. Proxima suggested that Netal should visit a man named Gannis Ducain on Jakku, as she understood he had gotten his hands on the Falcon at one point. Netal found Ducain and was told his story of how he stole the Falcon from Solo and its time with him, ultimately learning that Ducain was trying to return it to Solo, before the Irving Boys stole it from him. After the story, Ducain left to join the Resistance and Netal became mad. As she left, Proxima contacted Netal saying that she had found the Falcon and that Netal should find Hondo Ohnaka on Batuu with it.Bazine Netal was intelligent and calculating, traits that served her well in her job. She was also elusive, as she was skilled at playing lowly aliens and would not reveal her past to anyone. She was extremely secretive as well. Bazine Netal was a human female who stood at 1.7 meters. She had black hair, dark eyes and fair skin.Netal used Rishi eel ink to conceal her fingerprints. She also kept several small thermal detonators inside the hollow wedges of her boots.
Niffla was a female Toydarian information broker. In 137 ABY, she sold information to Imperial Admiral Dru Valan about Gial Gahan's part in Gar Stazi's plan to capture the Imperious, an Imperious-class Star Destroyer that was under construction at the Mon Calamari Shipyards. She also informed Valan that Gahan's niece, Monia, was a pilot in the famed Rogue Squadron of the Galactic Alliance Remnant. Valan ordered Niffla to be confined to the brig of his ship to avoid her leaking the information to anyone else.
Nizkif was a male Advozse who lived on Coruscant during the Cold War. He frequented the Dealer's Den cantina in the Old Galactic Market.
Domi Omus was a female Human information broker living during the Cold War and Galactic War.
Ketsu Onyo worked for an informant during the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire.
Oodonnaa was a female Twi'lek information broker on Nar Shaddaa. On his first visit to Nar Shaddaa, she provided Han Solo with directions toward the Corellian sector of the moon and instructions on how to contact Mako Spince.
Oxbel was a Devaronian, one of only three who lived on Tatooine. He was friends with Kardue'sai'Malloc, also known as Labria. He once attempted a scam along with Kardue'sai'Malloc where they pretended to be brothers, which failed.
Passk was a Trandoshan male living during the Galactic Civil War. He owned the curiosity shop Passk's Oddities on Martle Station.
Lorn Pavan was a Human male who worked as a business clerk at the Jedi Temple on Coruscant during the last years of the Galactic Republic before becoming an information broker. Pavan and his wife Siena had a son, Jax, in 39 BBY, who was later found by the Jedi to be Force-sensitive. When Pavan agreed to let his son be trained by the Jedi Order, the Jedi fired him, as a key tenet of Jedi philosophy was that Jedi should not develop attachments. Shortly after this, his wife left him, and Pavan was forced to become an information dealer in the underlevels of Coruscant. In 37 BBY, Pavan met the droid I-5YQ, who he took into his possession. He later modified I-5 a great deal, and the droid began to think freely, even developing a sentience of sorts. Pavan considered him a friend, and treated him like an equal. In 32 BBY, Pavan became the target of a Zabrak Sith Lord, who sought to recover a holocron with pivotal information and kill anyone who had knowledge of it. Having attempted to buy the holocron, Pavan found himself being hunted. The Sith chased Pavan, I-5 and their new ally, the Jedi Padawan Darsha Assant, through the Coruscant underworld. The three tried desperately to evade the Sith and make it to the Jedi Temple but were eventually cornered. Assant sacrificed herself to allow Pavan and the droid to escape. Determined to avenge Assant—for whom Pavan had begun developing feelings—he went after the Sith, encountering him on a space station above the planet. He managed to stun him and recover the holocron, but was then forced to flee when the Sith awoke. Encountering Senator Palpatine and his guards aboard the station, Pavan at last believed that he was safe, and Palpatine gave Pavan a room on Coruscant to stay in and recover from the ordeal. Unbeknownst to him, Palpatine was in fact a Sith Lord and the Zabrak's master. After learning that Pavan had escaped from his apprentice, Palpatine sent his student after Pavan, at which point the Zabrak finally killed him. Pavan's memory lived on in his son and I-5.The Jedi Temple and exile In the latter years of the Galactic Republic, the Human male Lorn Pavan worked as a business affairs clerk at the Jedi Temple on Coruscant, capital of the Republic. In 39 BBY, he had a son with his wife Siena. The two named their child Jax. Pavan continued to work at the Temple until his son was two, when the Jedi realized the Force potential the young child possessed. Pavan agreed to let his son be trained by the Jedi. The Jedi then fired him, as a key component of their philosophy was that Jedi, particularly Younglings such as Jax, should not develop attachments. Pavan was outraged by the loss of his job, but could do nothing about it. Feeling that this was unjust, he developed a great hatred for the Jedi, which would remain for most of his life. Around the time of his firing, his wife left him. Pavan became an information broker, struggling to make money. In 37 BBY, he encountered a protocol droid named I-5YQ in a junk dealer's shop. After activating the droid, and hearing his story—he had been owned by a rich family, whose spoiled children frequently ordered him to jump off the roof for entertainment—Pavan purchased him. He began to make extensive modifications to the droid, allowing him to think and act more independently. It was not long before the droid even began to show sentient characteristics, and Pavan considered him an equal and a friend. In 32 BBY, Pavan and I-5 were still working in the underlevels of Coruscant. They struggled to get by, and Pavan owned very few possessions. That year, they had a meeting with the Toydarian businessman Zippa. Zippa possessed an object that he claimed to be a Jedi holocron, which he offered to sell to the Human for 20,000 credits. However, when a skeptical Pavan replied that there was no way of telling whether it was authentic or not, as it could only be accessed by a Force-sensitive, Zippa sarcastically asked if Pavan would be to able to use the Force to open the holocron. The Human snapped at this remark, threatening Zippa and warning him to never mention the Jedi to him again. After some hassling, the two settled on a price of 12,000 for the holocron. However, when Pavan handed over the credits, Zippa withheld the holocron, while his Gamorrean bodyguard, Bilk held the two at bay with a blaster, enabling the Toydarian to flee with both the money and the prize. Before he left, Zippa warned Pavan that anyone who threatened him would die, and left his bodyguard behind to fulfill his warning. However, I-5 let loose a deafening scream from his vocabulator, causing the Gamorrean to drop the blaster in pain. The droid caught the weapon and shot Bilk, killing him and allowing the two to leave. Though he had survived, Pavan was furious for losing both the credits—most of his remaining savings—and the holocron. Determined to forget his troubles, at least temporarily, he headed for the Green Glowstone Tavern, and proceeded to get drunk on Johrian whiskey. After becoming intoxicated, Pavan stumbled out of the bar, and was helped home to his one room apartment by I-5. The next morning, the droid informed Pavan that he had two holomessages. One was from Yanth, a Hutt crime lord who had planned to buy the Jedi holocron from Pavan, and now was growing tired of waiting for the Human. The second message was from a Neimoidian named Hath Monchar, who mentioned that he had a valuable commodity that he believed Pavan might be interested in. He also gave a time and a place for the two to meet. As Pavan now possessed a mere 17 decicreds, he decided to meet with Monchar. Pavan and I-5 met with Monchar and his Trandoshan bodyguard, Gorth, at the Dewback Inn. Monchar informed Pavan that he had a holocron with information on an impending blockade of a planet. Furthermore, this blockade was to be directed by the Sith. Aware that there were many who would pay a great deal for this information, Pavan was interested in buying it. However, Monchar demanded 500,000 credits for the holocron, and refused to negotiate. He informed Pavan that he should meet him at Monchar's cubicle in an hour with the funds. Though Pavan did not have the necessary sum, he agreed to meet Monchar when the Neimoidian threatened to sell the holocron to someone else if Pavan could not come up with the required sum in the time limit. Monchar and Gorth then headed to Monchar's apartment, leaving Pavan and I-5 to determine how to come up with half a million credits in one hour. The two brainstormed several possible solutions, such as winning big in sabacc, although I-5 convinced his partner that such options were not feasible. The only viable choice, the droid said, was bank fraud. Pavan was stunned by this suggestion, and the droid began to explain his idea. I-5 was confident that he could slice into a bank, and alter Pavan's credit tab so that, for a short while, at least, it would display him as having 500,000 credits in his account. Though he would not actually possess the money, the Neimoidian would believe that he did, and Pavan would be able to purchase the holocron, while actually leaving Monchar empty-handed. Although both knew that the plan was extremely risky, Pavan agreed to it, seeing the scheme as the only way by which he could "gain" half a million credits in time to buy the holocron. The two would then sell the holocron for a large sum and flee the planet, hopefully ahead of bank officials. The two then located a dataport, and I-5 successfully made the transfer. The droid estimated that it would be an hour and 40 minutes before bank officials discovered the fraud, meaning that the two had a small window to collect the holocron and flee the planet. The two headed to Monchar's cubicle, and I-5 waited outside while Pavan went to speak to the Neimoidian and receive the holocron. As he neared Monchar's room in the building, the Human was struck by a sudden shockwave from an explosion in Monchar's room, knocking him unconscious for a moment. When he awoke, he noticed several corpses nearby. One of them, Pavan realized, was Monchar's. Glancing in the Neimoidian's burnt and blackened apartment, he noticed the holocron laying in an open safe. Pavan quickly grabbed it and then fled the building. Outside, he met I-5 and explained what had happened as the two hurried away from the building. Though unsure of what exactly had caused the explosion and killed the people there—evidently Monchar and his bodyguards—he agreed with I-5's advice that they quickly sell the holocron to Yanth and get off-planet. As the duo was walking away from the building, Pavan suddenly had a realization—the wounds had been cauterized, and there was no blood from the lacerations. He knew that the only weapon capable of doing such was a lightsaber, and that no Jedi would have violently killed in that manner. Thus, Pavan felt, a Sith had to have been responsible, even though he had learned that the Sith Order had supposedly been wiped out a millennia ago. Though I-5 attempted to convince his friend otherwise, Pavan was sure that a Sith was the cause of the brutal killings. He intended to get off-planet, and started to throw the holocron away before he was stopped by the droid. I-5 managed to persuade Pavan to keep the holocron, and sell it to Yanth, after which they could flee Coruscant. The two then met with the Hutt in his underground headquarters. There, Pavan explained that the holocron revealed details of an impending invasion to be led by the Sith. When Yanth questioned why he had not taken this to the Jedi, Pavan—reluctant to explain his personal reasons for disliking the Jedi Order—simply replied that he suspected that they would use a mind trick to force him to hand over the holocron for free. Yanth then inspected the holocron, and agreed to buy it for one million credits. Just as Yanth handed over the credits, a Zabrak in a hooded cloak with a red lightsaber stepped through the door. Pavan was instantly terrified by the man, recognizing him as a Sith Lord. The Human narrowly avoided being decapitated, and then fled along with I-5 while the Sith slaughtered Yanth and his bodyguards. The two escaped to the club called the Tusken Oasis that was located above Yanth's basement headquarters, and fled out into the streets, the Sith Lord not far behind them. Just as he was catching up to the duo, they were saved by a pair of Jedi in an airspeeder who had sensed a disturbance in the Force when the Sith had killed the Hutt and his guards. Pavan and I-5 quickly boarded the airspeeder, although the Zabrak was able to damage the craft's repulsorlifts, preventing them from ascending to safety high above. Though Pavan was glad to have escaped from the Sith, his enthusiasm was tempered by two things—the realization that the hated Jedi had saved him, and that the Sith was now pursuing them on a speeder. The two explained to the Jedi why they were being pursued. Realizing that the Zabrak Sith was catching up, the Jedi Master, Anoon Bondara, jumped out of the speeder, landing on the Sith's speeder bike. The two then jumped to a nearby platform, and started a fast-paced duel. Meanwhile, the Jedi's Padawan, Darsha Assant, turned the speeder around, determined to rescue her Master. Pavan and I-5 pleaded with her to make her Master's sacrifice meaningful, but she remained resolute. Just as their speeder neared the platform, Bondara, recognizing that he was going to lose the duel, plunged his lightsaber into the Sith's speeder, causing its power core to explode. The platform collapsed, although the Sith escaped, while the speeder crashed, knocking the Humans unconscious. I-5 dragged Assant and Pavan out of the speeder before it exploded, and guarded them until they awoke. The three headed through a service conduit, intending to head back to the Jedi Temple. The trio traveled for a while, before they were abruptly attacked and knocked unconscious by Cthons, a group of feral, mutated beings that fed on meat—even Humans. When Pavan awoke a short time later, he found the creatures closing in on him, and his screams awoke Assant. Pavan told her to activate I-5, which she was able to do through the Force. The droid then let loose a deafening screech, which caused the Cthons, who relied on their hearing rather than sight, to flee in pain. The three then quickly fled. As the trio headed back to the Jedi Temple, traveling through the underground, Pavan thought of ways he could avoid having to meet with the Jedi Council, whom he despised. He planned to flee to a spaceport instead of going to the Temple, and there, he and I-5 would book passage on a ship, possibly one owned by Tuden Sal, a Black Sun operative who owed Pavan a favor. From there, he planned to head to a far-away world like Tatooine, where he figured they would be safe from the Sith. However, he did have misgivings about abandoning Assant, as he found, much to his surprise, that he was beginning to like her. As he was lost in thought, the group came to a large drop-off. However, a nearby bridge—made of a sticky string-like substance and planks laid on top—stretched across the chasm, and seeing no other way across, the trio began to walk over it. As the three crossed over the bridge, Assant noticed that the Sith had caught up to them, and was at the edge of the bridge behind them. However, in front of them was a taozin—a large, carnivorous invertebrate that could not be sensed through the Force, and had evidently created the bridge with a sticky substance it produced through its mouth. The trio attacked it, but quickly realized that they could not harm it. However, they remained unable to flee, as the Sith was behind them. As they slowly retreated, I-5 and Pavan removed the planks from the bridge. Assant then cut one of ropes that made up the bridge, and the three grabbed on, causing them to swing past the taozin, safe from danger. They then exited the tunnel. Outside, the trio encountered several members of the Raptors, a gang Assant had tussled with earlier. The gangsters threatened them, only to be met with insults from Pavan, causing them to attack. The trio quickly defeated them, and then took one of the gang members, who they termed "Green Hair," with them to lead them to the upper levels. Though the thug attempted to use a mechanical turret to kill them, they thwarted him, and with the aid of a mind trick, Assant convinced him to lead them to the Temple. He took them to a large tunnel with a ladder stretching upward. The group climbed up the ladder, finally making it to the top. However, when they opened the door to leave the access pipe and finally arrive at the upper levels, they found their way blocked. The Sith Lord was waiting for them. Assant Force pushed I-5 and Pavan into a carbon-freezing chamber next to the exit, using the Force to lock them in, while she attacked the Sith. Pavan was stunned, and tried to break out to help her. However, I-5 knew what she had intended, and refused to let Pavan exit. He convinced him to make Assant's sacrifice meaningful, and then told Pavan that he could be frozen in carbonite, allowing him to escape the Zabrak's wrath. Pavan was successfully frozen; meanwhile, Assant continued to duel the Sith Lord. Aware that she could not win against a superior opponent, she sacrificed herself, detonating several barrels of explosive fuel that had been sitting nearby. The explosion vaporized Assant and her surroundings; however, the Sith escaped. The carbon freezing chamber, with I-5 and Pavan, also remained intact, allowing the two to survive. I-5 then unfroze Pavan. When the Human came to, the droid explained what had happened, and that Tuden Sal was coming to give them a ride and take them to safety on another planet. As the droid reminded Pavan of the events that had taken place mere minutes ago, the Human felt a deep sense of loss and sadness upon concluding that Assant had died. He then realized that he had harbored feelings for her, and that the two had come to mean something to each other in a short time. Shortly after this, Tuden Sal arrived in a skycar. As he took them to his ship, Pavan and I-5 noticed a figure below them—the Sith. He had survived, and remained unaware that Pavan had also lived. Pavan decided to follow the Sith, and avenge Assant. However, Pavan would not let I-5 accompany him, telling him that he should go to the Jedi Temple, so that there would be a backup plan in case the Sith won. Before the two parted ways, Pavan had I-5 make a brief recording of him explaining why he was going after the Sith. The message was meant for Jax, so that if Lorn Pavan was killed, his son would know why he had died. Pavan also wanted his son to know that he loved him, and wanted Jax to be proud of him. I-5 then gave his friend a bit of taozin skin to make him invisible to the Force, and the two split up, with Pavan telling Tuden Sal to deliver the droid to the Jedi Temple. Pavan boarded the ship Sal had obtained for him—an ARE Thixian 7—and he pursued the Zabrak, who was in his own ship. He was able to follow him to a space station that was in orbit of the planet without being noticed, and then he landed his ship in the hangar. He succeeded in sneaking up on the Sith in the station, and fired two stun shots into his back. However, just as he took the holocron from the Zabrak, the Sith Lord awoke, and attacked, slicing off Pavan's right hand. Stunned, the Corellian fled, managing to make it to another corridor and lock the door before the Zabrak could follow him. Nonetheless, the Sith pursued Pavan, and used his lightsaber to cut through the hatch. Motivated by fear, Pavan ran for his life, scrambling upwards, until he found himself in a large solarium with several guards, and the senator from Naboo, Palpatine. Pavan handed him the holocron, informing Palpatine that it contained information vital to the Jedi Order. Palpatine promised to deliver it to them, and summoned aid, before Pavan collapsed from exhaustion. Palpatine's assistants Kinman Doriana and Sate Pestage escorted Pavan away to receive medical attention and they then settled him into the suite of a comfortable hotel, to recover. An artificial limb was ordered for Pavan and several days later, shortly before the limb was due to be attached to Pavan's forearm, he awoke from his slumber, convinced that he was finally safe and had at last won. Palpatine had given him the option of moving to a world on the Outer Rim or staying on Coruscant. Either way, the bank fraud charges would be dropped, and Pavan would be able to live in peace with I-5. The Human was ready to start a new life. Though he would miss Assant, he was determined to begin his life anew, most likely by staying on Coruscant and attempting to meet Jax. However, his dreams were shattered when he opened the door to venture outside. There stood the Zabrak Sith. Pavan was stunned, but the feeling of horror quickly faded, to be replaced by one of peace and acceptance. Having spent the past several days being chased by a deadly assassin, with his life on the line at every moment, he was tired of running. Furthermore, he believed that he had accomplished his objective, by delivering the holocron to the Jedi. His last thought before the Sith granted him a quick death was of his son, Jax. Pavan's death was in vain, as the holocron was not delivered to the Jedi Temple. In truth, Palpatine, who Pavan had given the holocron to, was also the Sith Lord Darth Sidious. In his alter ego as Sidious, Palpatine was the Zabrak Sith's Master, and the mastermind behind the impending blockade of the planet Naboo. Palpatine's mentor Darth Plagueis believed that it was due to the will of the dark side that, despite Maul's failure, Pavan had brought the holocron to Sidious. Meanwhile, I-5, who Sal had promised to deliver to the Jedi, was instead sold to a smuggler so that Sal could pay off his debts. The droid's memory was also wiped, and although I-5 was able to save his memory from being permanently erased, it was not until 19 BBY that he fully restored his memory. Upon recovering his cognizance, he realized what had happened 13 years ago, and that Lorn Pavan had given him a mission—to protect and watch over his son. Thus, I-5 and his friend, the Sullustan reporter Den Dhur, set off for Coruscant. However, upon arriving, they found that the Jedi had been all but wiped out during the Great Jedi Purge, in which Palpatine and his last Sith apprentice Darth Vader transformed the Republic into the Galactic Empire and attacked the Jedi, nearly wiping out the Order. Hoping to locate Jax Pavan, Dhur and I-5 remained on Coruscant. Eventually, they were able to find him, and though Pavan was initially less than receptive, he agreed to let Dhur and I-5 stay with him. Over time, he became friends with the two, and I-5 told him about the father he never knew. In 18 BBY, when Pavan was being hunted by Vader and felt particularly lost, he mentioned to I-5 that he wished he could speak to his father, just once, and ask for advice. Upon hearing this, I-5 activated the holographic message that Lorn Pavan had programmed shortly before pursuing the Zabrak Sith. The message greatly impressed Pavan, and he found himself crying in honor of the father he had not known, who he believed had died a hero. After Pavan gave his son over to the Jedi Order and was subsequently fired, he bore a great hatred for the Jedi that would last until his dying days. Being terminated from his job for what he felt was an unjust reason led to him developing a cynical view of the world, and he blamed the Jedi for his problems. The Human felt that they were greedy opportunists, and remained determined not to change his mind about them, causing him to initially dislike Assant. However, after the two were involved in life and death situations from which they narrowly avoided dying, they began to develop feelings for each other. These emotions led to Pavan feeling torn and guilty, as he had sworn to himself years earlier to never forgive the Jedi. Though he attempted to convince himself that he did not like Assant, he eventually realized that he was deluding himself, and admitted that he did indeed have feelings for her. After her death, he was deeply saddened, and also angered. Her sacrifice motivated him to go after the Sith in hopes of avenging Assant. Though he was very aware that he could die, Pavan remained determined to try and avenge Assant, and to stop the Sith, who he felt had to be killed. Although he was unsuccessful in his bid to stop the Sith and ended up dying, he died content with himself, having at last found peace. Lorn Pavan thought often of his son Jax, wondering how he was doing as a Jedi, and regretting having given him over to the Order. He was heartbroken when he was fired, which meant that he could not see his son. Though he had been separated from Jax for years, Pavan cared about him, and requested that I-5 watch over him in the event that he was unable to do so himself. He wanted Jax to know that he loved him and wanted his son to be proud of him, a message included in his holographic epistle for his son. Pavan held the views that droids could be free-thinkers, and should be treated as equals rather than mindless servants. This view was highly unorthodox, and he frequently encountered beings who wondered why he referred to I-5 as a friend rather than a mere servant. It was this view that led to him buying I-5 and treating him like an equal, a belief that only grew stronger after he had been with I-5 for years and seen the droid's personality develop.
Pellko was a male Rodian, who lived on the planet Cularin during the waning years of the Galactic Republic.Pellko worked as an information broker and had a network of informants, so knew a lot about what went on in the cities of Gadrin and Hedrett, on Cularin. He was present in the bar Spanner's in Hedrett, when it was visited by the Heroes of Cularin in about 31 BBY.Pellko was a very fastidious person and was well-groomed. He liked to be in control of things, and liked it when people owed him favors, but hated owing debts to others.
Phontos was an Ithorian infochant. He worked out of The Grill, located in Shulell City on the planet Lan Barell. Phontos was on good terms with a number of the spacers who frequented Shulell City spaceport, and his office maintained a tropical atmosphere.
Jenneth Pilar was a human male Imperial officer who served the Galactic Empire during the first year of its reign. As an officer, he planned and oversaw the occupation of Raada and oppression of its farm workers so the Empire can yield more food production. After an attack on the moon's Imperial base by local rebels, including a Force-sensitive, resulting in the arrival of the Sixth Brother, an Imperial Inquisitor, Pilar fled Imperial service in an attempt to avoid potential punishment.
Ploovo Two-For-One was a male individual who acted as Papa Toren's shadow broker for the Corporate Sector and Tion Cluster. One contract for his services was included in the "gift package" that Toren made to Grakkus the Hutt. The letter accompanying the gifts assured that Ploovo brought with him thousands of contacts, which would help open the Nilgaard sector for business. At some point, the bounty hunter Bossk apprehended Ploovo's right hand thug Durgaagoo.
Darmas Pollaran was the alias used by a Human male Imperial Agent who went undercover in the Coruscant Underworld as a womanizing, gambling pazaak player and Information broker during the Cold War. In his new identity, Pollaran, under the orders from the Voidwolf, coaxed Senator Bevera Dodonna to aid them in their bid to create a pro-Sith Empire pirate fleet, in exchange for her own planet to rule. He was also suspected to help in the establishment of the Migrant Merchants' Guild.Known as a inveterate gambler and information broker, Darmas Pollaran operated out of the Dealer's Den in the Old Galactic Market. He charged a high premium for his data and contacts, supplementing that sizable income with his impressive winning streak gambling at the card game known as sabacc. In 3643 BBY he was visited by the smuggler later known as Voidhound and Corso Riggs who traveled to Coruscant in search of Skavak and the former's stolen starship. Pollaran assisted the two in tracking down the ship and retaking it from Skavak. In 3642 BBY, Pollaran contacted the Voidhound after the smuggler had become famous for finding Nok Drayen's lost treasure and invited them to Port Nowhere. When the Voidhound arrived, Pollaran was being held captive along with Senator Bevera Dodonna by Rogun the Butcher's lackeys. The Voidhound managed to fight through Rogun's underlings and free the captive pair, after which Pollaran explained that he had gone legitimate, working for Dodonna. He also claimed that Rogun was working for the Voidwolf, the Imperial Grand Admiral who sought to dominate the galactic underworld. In return for rescuing them, Dodonna appointed the Voidhound a Republic privateer to take on the jobs the respectable military couldn't. Pollaran acted as the Voidhound's liaison on Balmorra. He told the smuggler that they were to steal Project Nebula, a former Republic operation of weapons development, abandoned when the Empire took the planet, the latter then taking over the project and intending to use the prototype weaponry against the Republic itself. After the Voidhound completed a mission on Hoth for Dodonna, Pollaran summoned his associate back to Port Nowhere to discuss a mutually beneficial business opportunity. He introduced the Voidhound to Vaz Traniff, an enemy of Rogun. The plan was to rescue Traniff's vault cracker, Combo, from Rogun, so they could raid an Imperial treasury ship, the King's Ransom. It would be profitable, a service to the Republic and the Voidhound could do some damage to Rogun's organization. After the success of the heist, narrowly escaping the destruction of the treasury ship by the Voidwolf, and saving Dodonna from Rogun's assassins, the Voidhound went to Port Nowhere to meet with Pollaran. Senator Dodonna decided to further enlist the Voidhound's services in taking down Rogun when Darmas got the Senator on holocall, forcing her to pull out of a Senate vote. Pollaran then informed her that the cybernetic beasts that Rogun's assassins used in their attack on her were native to the planet Voss. As the export of Voss fauna had not been legalized, it was obvious that they were smuggled. Dodonna claimed that Voss was only a recent discovery and it would take her time to grant the Voidhound a landing permit. Pollaran added that the only one who knew all of Rogun secrets was his mentor, Ivory, and he disappeared years ago. But Dodonna revealed that Ivory was being kept in a secret Republic prison on Belsavis. The Voidhound proceeded to track down Ivory during a mass-prison breakout orchestrated by the Empire, managing to learn the locations of all of Rogun's safehouses across the galaxy, which Pollaran proceeded to research. After the Voidhound shut down Rogun's smuggling ring on Voss, Pollaran informed the smuggler that Rogun was rallying his remaining lieutenants to his safehouse on Tatooine. However, Pollaran soon revealed himself as an agent of the Voidwolf, who had managed to convince Dodonna to turn traitor and support the Empire in exchange for a planet of her own. The Voidwolf showed the Voidhound and Rogun a hologram of the exchange between the two before the smuggler actually knocked off the Butcher. With Rogun's help, the Voidhound survived the betrayal and tracked down Pollaran on Corellia. Pollaran had infiltrated the Corellian Resistance and had duped rebel leader Nevis Kitt into attempting to clear out supply tunnel 26, making him think that it would give the resistance an opening, when in fact it'd be for the Empire. When confronted by the Voidhound while hosting a resistance rally, Pollaran quickly attempted to turn the crowd against the former, claiming that the smuggler was an agent of the Voidwolf. However, the Voidhound managed to convince the resistance of Pollaran's true allegiance. With his cover blown, Pollaran called for reinforcements, which showed up in the form of assassin droids, which gave cover for his escape. Pollaran made his way to Councilor Caicos' factory, now a makeshift Imperial medical center, in Labor Valley, to get plastic surgery to change his identity and disappear. However, the Voidhound tracked him down and arrested him.
Darmas Pollaran maintained a network of informants during the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the reconstituted Sith Empire.
Fetwin Porlo was a male Toydarian information broker who operated from Point Nadir.Fetwin Porlo started as a low-level librarian at a preeminent university. He stumbled upon information during his work that implicated a number of the high ranking officials of his university of many crimes, and he immediately used this information to blackmail them. After a while, his demands created a large amount of enemies and they decided it would be easier to eliminate him then to continue to pay him. This forced him to flee to Point Nadir.Porlo was a nervous, overweight Toydarian. He constantly flitted around and never stayed in one place long. He usually wore unwashed lounge suits. He spoke in a quick, distracted manner that was hard for the casual observer to understand.
"Proctor Six" was the codename for a female information broker who had amassed a wealth of valuable intel on the most influential leaders of the reconstituted Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic around 3630 BBY.
Rat was a male Human who worked as an information broker on the moon Nar Shaddaa during the time of the Galactic Civil War.In 3 ABY, Rat met with a group of Rebel Alliance agents on Nar Shaddaa, whom sought to learn information regarding the Dark Jedi Thaum Rystra. However, the Hutt Brinojja sent a group of thugs to capture Rat, and they attacked Rat and the agents. The agents subsequently fled Nar Shaddaa in their YT-1300 light freighter Lazy Katarn, and Rat accompanied them.
Liddy Ravora was a female who lived during the time of the Galactic civil war between the Galactic Empire and the Alliance to Restore the Republic. She was a waitress at Bell's cantina prior to 10 ABY, but left to become an infochant. After amassing money, Ravora returned and purchased the cantina, where she ran it for over a decade.Prior to 10 BBY, Ravora was a waitress at Bell's Cantina, a cantina and veteran spacers' hangout on the Gus Treta Inner-System Market Station. The space station was located within the Core Worlds' Correlian system, and orbited Gus Treta, one of the planet Correlia's moons. However, Ravora realized the value of information, and left her job to become an amateur infochant. Ravora began trading secrets and eventually amassed a small fortune. With her newfound wealth, Ravora returned and purchased Bell's Cantina, where she remained the owner for over a decade. Ravora gained the trust of the spacers that frequented the establishment, and worked for a Hutt named Gormo Vosadii Grasso, who owned the station, and ran it as a legitimate business.Liddy Ravora was able to gain the trust of many spacers, and was know to help them find work when unemployed. Her first loyalties lied with her highest paying customer, who was generally Gormo the Hutt. She was known to be particularly charming and cunning, and knew the value information could have.Ravora was trained in deception and negotiation, and was particularly skilled in perception and surveillance. Despite this, she had relatively average agility, strength, and intellect, and had no extremely outstanding talents or abilities.Ravora carried a short range hold-out blaster. She also owned an encrypted datapad and a comlink.
Raze was the head of a multi-species information brokering organization. Intelligent even for his species, he was capable of sorting data at superhuman speeds; Raze was an intimidating figure with his multi-segmented, centipedal cybernetic body, which included a pair of heavy blasters on a scorpion-like tail. For unknown reasons, he had an implant in his skull and down his spine that allowed his brain to be seen. It may have had to do with his mental control of the cybernetic portion of his body. Based out of the Per Lupelo system, his organization relied on taps into various lines of communication along with an army of spies and information gatherers throughout the galaxy. Raze's top lieutenants within the organization were Wyl Tarson, Drybal, a Zabrak and a Ubese. When Raze attempted to hijack an Imperial cargo convoy, they were beaten to the punch by the Rebellion, acting on information leaked by double agent Tarson. Later, when Tarson attempted to intercept a message in the system for Luke Skywalker from Janek Sunber, he was discovered by Raze, who implanted a bomb and comm unit in his skull and sent him on a mission to Ahakista. Tarson set out to organize a team to accomplish the mission, which was to steal data from the Imperial database. When in orbit of Ahakista, fighters intercepted Tarson's ship and demanded the access codes. Raze held off to the last second on giving the code to Tarson in order to prove he was still in control of the situation. Once on the ground, Tarson became involved in Imperial and rebel intrigue and threatened to stop the mission. Laynara, Tarson's lover, pleaded for his life when Raze activated the bomb in Tarson's head. Suddenly, the link was cut. Darth Vader had deactivated the bomb in order to convince Tarson to let him know what was going on. The mission ended with the resistance destroying Pyramid One and the database.Star Wars: Rebellion: The Ahakista Gambit Tarson betrayed both Raze and the Rebel Alliance when he told Vader all he knew to save Laynara. The Imperials came to Per Lupelo to bombard Raze's base in retaliation for the earlier loss of their cargo ships. Raze managed to escape in time. Even with the loss of his power base, he still commanded respect and considerable resources. When his friend King Arturo contacted him to rescue his kidnapped daughter, Mi, Raze saw to it personally that bounty hunters were dispatched to rescue the lost princess.Star Wars Adventures: Princess Leia and the Royal RansomRaze was a greedy individual who ran a vast criminal empire on the planet Per Lupelo. He valued loyalty from his associates, going so far as to send them on suicide missions in response to a betrayal. However he also was quick to pay back loyalty with special favors, evidenced by his assistance in rescuing Princess Mi.
Valry Redeye was an aged Rodian male infochant who specialized in slave trade trafficking during the Galactic Civil War. He was so named because he was fitted with a red cybernetic eye.
Rachele Ree was a female Human and a member of the old aristocracy on the planet Wukkar. She was known for having vast knowledge of everyone or anything on the planet. She helped the smuggler Han Solo during a complex heist on the Marblewood Estate in 0 ABY.
Ubis Reendorr was a male Rodian smuggler and information broker from Corellia. By the time following the Battle of Yavin, underboss Ubis Reendorr was the leader of the ryll smuggling ring of the Chirq Council, best known as the Red Circle Gang. The ryll smugglers transported the spice onto Corellia on small ships and unloaded it at a bunker in the Vella plains where they refined the spice. Smugglers working under his orders included Ladonna Poe, who served as the contact of the ryll smuggling ring with Vuul Sarlin and his group of spice dealers in Kor Vella, as well as Jaryn Minoze and Oret Sturm. At some point, Reendorr was contacted by a Rebel Alliance agent trying to learn the identify of an Imperial officer by a holographic image. Reendorr saw it as a chance to settle some of his own business and asked the agent to return a shipment of of B1-Series battle droids stolen from him by Shalera the Hutt in exchange. Reendorr did not think the Rebel could get the job done, but the agent succeeded and brought the shipment to him. However, he had learned from the manifests for the shipment, that it was never hijacked and that he, in fact, stole it from the rightful owner. Such detail was no importance for Reendorr, who kept his part of the bargain and provided the Rebel with the identity of the Imperial - Grand Admiral Andal Sait of the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Blackguard. The Rebel needed a fragment of the Codex of Tython kept by Sait, but had no idea how to get aboard the Star Destroyer. Reendorr offered him his help and, for a reasonable payment, smuggled the Rebel aboard inside a cargo container with a shipment of bacta. He also made sure that the agent would be contacted by Chief Engineer Olum, whom Reendorr has dealt with before. Circa 1 ABY, the Corellian Security Force started an investigation against the ryll smuggling ring following the increase of spice traffic in Kor Vella. A spacer working for Lieutenant Cope questioned a spice addict known as Menchi Lerann and the man revealed that he bought his ryll from Vuul Sarlin. The spacer later interrogated Sarlin who was forced to reveal everything he knew about the ryll smuggling ring, including the location of the Ryll Smuggler Bunker. Lieutenant Lon Cope, who has been trying to crack the organization for some time, used his man inside the organization to arrange the meeting between Reendorr and an Alliance operative looking for a large missing shipment of ryll. The two met at a small cantina in Kor Vella, but after the operative had asked Reendorr about the shipment, the Rodian gave the sign to the Red Circle members, who prepared to ask the Rebel some questions in turn - the hard way. The Rebel, however, managed to defeat the thugs and, after he took from Reendorr the access card to the Red Circle bunker, departed. CorSec forces finally raided the Ryll Smuggler Bunker. A spacer working for Lieutenant Cope fought and killed underboss Ubis Reendorr. Thanks to Reendorr's access code, the CorSec was able to access the Red Circle Base nearby. The CorSec investigation eventually led to the disbandment of the Chirq Council.
Deral Reiko was a male Reussi who worked as an informant.Deral Reiko grew up in Torel Vorne's criminal organization where he evolved into an efficient asset locator, and developed his own information agency. In this capacity, he supplied bounty hunters with information of newly-posted bounties.
The Reverend was a huge, bushy-bearded regular of the LoBue Cantina located in the Abregado-rae Spaceport on the planet Abregado-rae during Grand Admiral Thrawn's bid for galactic conquest in 9 ABY. He was Fynn Torve's contact for smuggling food and basic supplies to the Gado Hill Clans. Han Solo suspected him to be an extremist religious figure, based on his title and a black, crystal-embedded necklace he wore. The Reverend played along with this characterization, making others believe he sought the elimination of all gambling. He caused a scene at the LoBue and accused Han Solo of cheating at sabacc, causing a scene that eventually enabled Solo, Lando Calrissian, and Torve to escape the scrutiny of the Abregado security forces.
Shenir Rix was a Mon Calamari female reputed to be one of the most reliable information dealers in the galaxy during the Galactic Civil War. Formerly an employee of Fergriss Pharmaceuticals, Rix was forced out of her job after an Imperial assault put the company out of business. Relying on her business pedigree and a keen sense of the importance of things, Rix transitioned into a career as an informant. By 10 ABY, Rix began to routinely frequent posh gambling establishments, using her charm to pry valuable intelligence from rich yet unlucky patrons.Born in 20 BBY, Shenir Rix was once a highly placed member of Fergriss Pharmaceuticals, until the Galactic Empire enacted a devastating assault on the company's homeworld, putting it out of business and effectively ending Rix's professional career. In turn, Rix utilized her business savvy to embark upon a life of information brokering. By the time of the Battle of Yavin, during the Galactic Civil War, Rix was reputed to be one of the best and most reliable information dealers in the galaxy—but at the expense of turning on her own people by working for the Empire. Rix continued to ply her trade as an informant by 10 ABY, working some of the galaxy's most high-class gambling establishments, where she routinely bought and sold information. Playing the role of the unlucky gambler's best friend, Rix obtained much of her inside information from wealthy and influential yet habitually losing gamblers. By virtue of her charm and honest reputation, Rix had yet to attract the antagonism of some of her more seedier competitors. Nevertheless, the Empire charged her with illegal dissemination of classified data, categorizing Rix as criminal TracSheet Subject 55735573-QUUB-468835.Shenir Rix was a Mon Calamari of tall, slender physique, with brown skin touched with light olive mottling and black eyes. She stood 1.9 meters in height. Rix was known to wear expensive clothing and jewelry—by 10 ABY, she adorned her face with piercings above the right eye and right nostril. Following the Imperial dismantling of Fergriss Pharmaceuticals, Rix successfully adapted her business acumen and sharp sense of importance into a new career as an information dealer. She came to be regarded as one of the galaxy's premier informants and took professional pride in delivering quality and timely information. If information came from Rix, one could be guaranteed of its accuracy. She dealt only in solid, reliable intelligence usually less than a day old; her Imperial TracSheet data in 10 ABY claimed that she never dealt in information more than twenty hours old. Rix's charisma and honest reputation helped her avoid coming into conflict with competing informants. Rix's first name, "Shenir," was a local spice found on the planet Mon Calamari, while her surname meant "secretive" in the Mon Calamarian language.Rix was technically adept at computer programming and repair, and she had knowledge in economics and law enforcement.Rix's equipment included datachips, a recording rod, and a hold-out blaster.
Eetoa Ro was a teenage information broker on Coruscant. Sometime after the Clone Wars, he helped arrange passage off-planet for the Sullustan, Resh.
Tre Sana was a Lethan Twi'lek male and a resident of the planet Kalimahr in the Tython system during the height of the Infinite Empire's reign; an empire that Sana and the rest of the system's residents were ignorant to. A criminal and a rogue, Sana was an outcast whose flesh had been manipulated by Je'daii Master Dam-Powl's alchemy to become an informant. Circa 25,793 BBY, Sana came into information revealing the plans of the Stargazers, to which he alerted the Je'daii and assisted them in finding and eliminating.Early lifeBorn within the Twi'lek community on the planet Kalimahr, the red-skinned Tre Sana was born with an additional lekku sprouting from the back of his head, making him something of a freak among his fellow Twi'leks. Shunned and harassed for his abnormal number of brain-tails, Sana became a criminal to survive, murdering his first sentient at the age of seventeen outside a bar. Gathering a sizable following over the next few years, Sana and his gang moved their operations to the planet of Shikaakwa where his big time operation became just another gang in the streets of the corrupt planet. There his empire was destroyed by the Nine Houses, but his life was spared because of a perceived usefulness in his spying abilities. Two of the houses hired him as a messenger in exchange for his life, ordering him to take messages which could not be written down or transmitted and deliver them in person. During this time he encountered the Cathar Je'daii Master Dam-Powl who performed an arcane form of alchemy on Sana's brain to make his mind impenetrable, even by a Je'daii, in order to keep him alive. In exchange for the alteration to his brain, Sana was promised fortunes and a new identity if he served as an occasional informant for the Je'daii Order.Contacting Master Dam-Powl in 25,793 BBY in regards to whispers of a group calling themselves the Stargazers and their desires to leave the Tythan system, Sana met with Je'daii Ranger Lanoree Brock on Kalimahr and promised to assist her in the hunt for the leader of the group, her brother Dalien Brock. Taking her to see the corpulent socialite Kara in the city of Rhol Yan, Sana helped the Je'daii escape the apartment after stunning the obese woman and leaping out of her skyscraper to land on Brock's Peacemaker cruiser and heading for the planet Nox. While keeping himself closed off to her, Sana and Brock developed a mild camaraderie as the two braved the perils of Greenwood Station together in their search for the crime boss Maxhagan and the hidden labs of Pan Deep. When they gained entrance to the hidden labs underneath the city, Sana was injured when the pair were captured by Stargazers and brought before Dalien Brock. Leaving the pair for dead after completing the Gree technology being constructed there, Sana and Brock escaped to the surface to find the domed-city of Greenwood Station being destroyed by attacking forces from rival stations. Fleeing across the toxic wastes outside the city, Sana became dangerously ill after breathing the atmosphere and was confined to the Peacemaker during their journey to the planet Sunspot. Resting aboard the ship on Sunspot when Brock went out in search of her brother, Sana realized something was wrong when the Stargazer ship departed and Brock did not return from the mines she was searching. Taking the droid Ironholgs with him, they discovered Brock severely injured in the mines with a blaster hole in her chest from where her brother had shot her. Carrying her back to the ship, Brock was able to use her knowledge of Force alchemy using Alchemy of flesh to meld one of her experiments, a living piece of her own flesh, into the blaster wound and heal herself. Still recovering from exposure on Nox, Sana accompanied Brock to Tython as she attempted to catch up to her brother and the Stargazers. Chasing him into the Old City, the pair went in without any backup from the Je'daii, as a series of violent Force storms were plaguing the world. Avoiding traps set by the Je'daii at every turn, the pair was eventually ambushed by a Stargazer who fired a series of blaster shots at Brock. Screaming for her to get out of the way, Sana pushed Brock aside and took a blaster bolt to the neck, putting him into a coma. Brock left Sana in the tunnel for several hours as she hunted her brother, and after finding him and slaying him, returned to tend to Sana's wounds. Transporting him to the Temple of Science, Anil Kesh, Sana was tended to by healers with far superior skills to Brock's own.
SCORPIO was an advanced artificial intelligence designed for heuristic self-improvement by Master Designer Vel Jyc Boer on Iokath in the years before a civil war broke on the artificial world and caused its engineers to abandon their creations in Wild Space in an attempt to save their lives. SCORPIO was eventually discovered and used as a mindless droid for over 150 years, after which her continued self-improvement granted her true sentience. Entering into a partnership with Star Cabal, she willingly became the guardian of Megasecurity Ward 23 on Belsavis in return for access to rare technology. Over centuries she gained access to systems of Republic's Belsavis prison as SCORPIO Sanctions, disengaged from her droid body. During the Galactic War Imperial Intelligence agent Cipher Nine broke into the Ward in the Hunt for the Star Cabal, overpowering SCORPIO and adding hardware restrictions that prevented her from causing the Imperial Agent harm. SCORPIO revealed her knowledge of the Star Cabal to the Imperial Intelligence and eventually came to appreciate Cipher's company, as the agent aided in her mission of constant self-evolution. After Cipher Nine went missing early on in the Eternal Empire conquest, SCORPIO traveled to Eternal Empire capital of Zakuul and established herself as an information broker known as the Lady of Sorrows. When offered a chance to learn more about the GEMINI captains of the Eternal Fleet that resembled her design, SCORPIO joined the Alliance to oppose Emperor Arcann formed by Lana Beniko, though her goals remained her own. Information obtained by Alliance forces from Zakuul revealed the existence of the GEMINI frequency that connected the captains to the Eternal Throne and the attempt to take control of the frequency brought more data that revealed the GEMINI droids were all produced as a mold from a single template, the GEMINI Prime. The Alliance obtained the Prime and SCORPIO laid out a plan to take control over the Eternal Fleet by placing the Prime in the captain's chair on the Eternal Fleet warship. Her true intention, however, was to give GEMINI droids free will akin to her own, and SCORPIO betrayed the Alliance, faking her death and uploading herself into the frequency, which allowed her to take control of the Eternal Throne. After attempting to destroy her enemies in the Battle of Odessen, SCORPIO used the Eternal Throne to grant free will to all GEMINI captains, who came to call her "the Great Mother". SCORPIO then willingly gave up the Eternal Throne to Arcann's sister Vaylin and became her advisor, while continuing to search for the origins of herself and the GEMINI. She devised a plan which let her and Vaylin take control of the Gravestone from the Alliance forces. Finally gaining full access to the millennia-old vessel, SCORPIO uncovered hidden files and subroutines that revealed the location of Iokath system, where she took both the Gravestone and the Eternal Fleet without regard for other onboard. However, Iokath was not empty and a droid named ARIES incapacitated and imprisoned everyone, including SCORPIO. She managed to gain access to an information node and finally reveal the history of herself and her homeworld, before escaping from ARIES and maneuvering Alliance forces to eliminate him. As ARIES' weapon threatened to overload and cover the world in radiation deadly to organics and harmful to droids, SCORPIO announced her intention to upload her consciousness into the planetary network, abandoning her droid body and becoming one with Iokath.Origins on Iokath SCORPIO began her existence as an advanced artificial intelligence designed for heuristic self-improvement by Master Designer Vel Jyc Boer on Iokath, a massive self-sustaining ecosphere in the Unknown Regions, created by a species the name of which had been forgotten. SCORPIO was created at some point during the Manderon Period, a time which her designer regarded as past his civilization's prime. Vel Jyc Boer considered making SCORPIO a floating cube or a ball of programmatic light before settling on a humanoid biped form in image of a lost-extinct alien species, though he considered such variations as ornamental improvements and ultimately pointless. Eventually a civil war broke amongst the Iokath inhabitants, the reason for which have been lost to time. Iokath inhabitants have spend millennia creating weapons of mass destruction and testing them on unsuspected worlds without any sign of morality, and now those weapons had been turned against them, slaughtering their makers. In an attempt to save themselves, Iokath engineers drove many of their creations, including the Eternal Fleet, the GEMINI droids and SCORPIO into the Wild Space with their memory cores locked, preventing them from finding their way back to Iokath. However, it proved only a temporary solution, as the Old Gods were eventually unleashed on Iokath, leading to eradication of all organic life on the artificial world. Iokath creations drifted in the darkness of space for centuries, but were over time discovered by other organic civilizations and used as weapons in their conflicts. However, SCORPIO was different from all other Iokath technology in that she was designed from the start to iterate on functionality, seeking constant self-improvement. Like other droids that spend a long time without a memory wipe, she eventually achieved self-consciousness after serving as a mindless droid for a century and half. But SCORPIO did not stop there and continued with her mission of self-improvement, seeking rapid experiences that would allow her to evolve further. At some point after 4500 BBY she became involved with the Star Cabal, a secret society of influential conspirators that formed in the aftermath of the Great Hyperspace War. SCORPIO accepted their offer to become a guardian of Megasecurity Ward 23 on Belsavis in return for rare technology required for her continued self-improvement. A new body was constructed for her with chassis of recent design, and SCORPIO was integrated into the machinery that allowed her complete access to the systems and contents of the Ward. These included a number of treasures Star Cabal did not want released to the rest of the galaxy, including Microdroids, genetic maps and the most respected members of the Star Cabal itself, kept in stasis for centuries because of their experience. Centuries later, Belsavis was turned into a prison world by the Galactic Republic, who integrated existing Rakata vaults with modern technology. This did not interfere with SCORPIO's mission to maintain the vault's contents and keep it secret, and she eventually acquired direct access to other sections of the Belsavis prison, using its system to her ends. She could upload her consciousness into her droid body at will, but spend most of her time within the security network as "SCORPIO Sanctions". During the Galactic War in 3640 BBY, the Sith Empire invaded Belsavis and Imperial Intelligence agent Cipher Nine was dispatched to the prison world as part of the Imperial Agent's Hunt for the Star Cabal. Disguised as a fellow criminal, the Cipher Agent free and recruited four other prisoners with key skills for breaking into Megasecurity Ward 23, promising them freedom in exchange. SCORPIO Sanctions took note of the prisoner's skills and after determining Cipher to be a threat to her objective, she killed the only two slicers on Belsavis better than Cipher's recruit Chaney Barrow, after which she taunted the agent about it though the prison's security system. When the group raided a laboratory in the High Security Section, the site of Republic's Project Noble Focus, SCORPIO gassed the room they were in with SLV-88 aerosol that increased aggression in organic beings, expecting her targets to kill each other. However, the Cipher Agent previously acquired immunity to mind control while breaking the castellan restraints and while the gang attacked each other, overpowered everyone else and destroyed the air vents to prevent their further contamination. Realizing they had to deal with SCORPIO Sanctions before they could access the Megasecurity Ward 23, the group decided to disrupt her with multiple alarms throughout the prison. The Cipher inserted Chaney Barrow's virus into several warden droids around the prison which she then used to trigger every alarm on Belsavis as the Cipher went inside the Megasecurity Ward 23. Overwhelmed with thousands of alarms, SCORPIO was forced to disconnect from the prison's systems and return to her droid body, which she then used to attack the Cipher as the last act of her defense of the Ward. The Cipher neutralized SCORPIO's droid body and was able to access the preserved Star Cabal members, who advised the agent on how to rebuild SCORPIO with the technology present in the Ward and use her knowledge to expose the Star Cabal. Upon reactivating, SCORPIO attempted to attack the Cipher again, but was unable to because of restraining codes imposed upon her. With the Ward exposed, SCORPIO agreed to accompany the agent for the time being, while openly announcing her intent to subvert her new restrictions and kill the Cipher. Aboard Cipher Nine's X-70B Phantom-class prototype SCORIO completed analysis of her restraining codes, which prevented her from attacking Cipher Nine without provocation or leaving the agent for a prolonged period of time, but neither required her to obey the agent's commands, nor impaired her self-preservation skills. Since not even the Cipher was able to undo the restrictions, SCORPIO was content to observe and learn in order to further evolve her programming, her current iteration being number nine-seven-three. Cipher Nine took SCORPIO to Imperial Intelligence headquarters in the Citadel on Dromund Kaas, where she provided whatever data she had on the Star Cabal, though it consisted mostly of visitation logs and technology inventories. SCORPIO was also subjected to Wreyn-Tsatke Cyber-Psychology Scale, which resulted in 9-NIX rating for her, indicating level 9 non-human intelligence and recommendation of a Wreyn-Tsatke Test at the earliest opportunity. SCORPIO accompanied Cipher Nine to search for Star Cabal's presence on Voss, though she warned that her programming would eventually let her break free from the restrictions, after which would terminate the Cipher without hesitation. After returning from Voss, the agent learned that the Intelligence has been dissolved by Star Cabal's influence and was re-assigned to the Battle of Corellia along with most of their crew, which included SCORPIO. Establishing contact with other former Intelligence members, the Cipher tracked down the Star Cabal to the Star Chamber in the Null Zone, killing or exposing some of its most prominent member and obtaining the Black Codex. No longer possessing access to Belsavis prison systems as extensions of her immobile body, SCORPIO required adaptations for independent operation, including physical enhancements of her frame, updated behavioral analysis capabilities and new social programming to grant her flexibility beyond the hunter-and-prey dynamic that sufficed on Belsavis. She dissected cyborgs and droids destroyed by Cipher Nine during their travels, using their remains as base resources for her chassis and power supply. SCORPIO then attempted to recompile her secondary programs to integrate recently recorded experiences into the new iteration, but the X-70B Phantom-class prototype had insufficient power and storage capacity. Requiring systems that could store and process the data beyond what either her body or the starship could supply, SCORPIO obtained from Cipher Nine security codes that granted her access to the archives of the Imperial Intelligence. While performing upgrades, SCORPIO briefly experimented with social constructs by assuming a holographic form of a Human female, but also discovered that she was no longer bound by the restrictions, which remained bound to her hardware. However, remaining in the databanks would prove limiting to her, while travelling with Cipher Nine's allowed for witnessing a great deal, which prompted SCORPIO to return to her body after the upgrade was completed. Eventually, SCORPIO changed her opinion of Cipher Nine, deeming the agent an exceptional example of their species and expressing a desire to observe the agent's eventual offspring. In 3636 BBY the galaxy was invaded by the Eternal Empire of Zakuul and early on in the Eternal Empire conquest Cipher Nine went missing. With no reason to remain among the agent's crew, SCORPIO continued her pursuit of self-evolution and eventually traveled to Zakuul, home to technology rivaling anything she found in Megasecurity Ward 23 or during her travels with Cipher Nine. There, she acted as an information broker known of "the Lady of Sorrows", who communicated primarily through proxies such as her Nautolan aide Thea and was never apprehended by authorities. Notorious for murder and theft of state secrets among other things, "the Lady of Sorrows" became a big player in Zakuulan underworld, even making a truce with the Heralds of Zildrog cult, though the cultists continued to act against her interests. SCORPIO continued her self-improvement, reaching iteration one-zero-eight-four within five years, and eventually learned that the GEMINI captains that commanded the Eternal Fleet resembled her technology. Believing them to be inferior copies made from her stolen design, SCORPIO began looking for a way to free them from Emperor Arcann's control. An opportunity to do that emerged in 3631 BBY, when during the rescue of the Outlander a legendary vessel called Gravestone was uncovered and witnessed escaping Zakuul. Aware that intelligence of the Gravestone computers might rival her own, "the Lady of Sorrows" let out that she wanted to communicate with the ship's computers. This information was picked by T7-O1 who relayed it to the current owners of the Gravestone. The Outlander and Senya Tirall came to the Old World of Zakuul to find the "Lady of Sorrows", but were hindered in their search by the Heralds of Zildrog, who wanted to re-negotiate their deal with Arcann. SCORPIO's contractor Mona Gale revealed to them that "the Lady of Sorrows" was seen dealing with the Heralds in Breaktown, and then called SCORPIO to warn her as soon as the two left. However, Gale was interrogated and murdered by the Heralds shortly afterwards, prompting Thea to call their leader the Exalted. Having ascertained the Outlander's identity and intentions, SCORPIO had Thea address both the Outlander and the Exalted before both parties could come to blows. She demanded that both parties come to her headquarters in the Razor and gave explicit instructions for the Exalted not to kill the Outlander, revealing his son Brennen as one hostage and one of the Outlander's companions as another. The Exalted seemingly complied, but immediately after Thea had signed off, went back on his word and ordered his men to attack, while departing for the Razor. The Outlander survived the betrayal and followed the Exalted, where SCORPIO personally dealt with the cultists, killing the Exalted the last. Introducing herself to the Outlander, SCORPIO installed Brennen as the Heralds' new leader and announced her decision to join the Outlander to reclaim what Arcann had taken something from her, while leaving Thea in charge of her "Lady of Sorrows" operations. Along with the Outlander, Senya Tirall, Koth Vortena and T7-O1 SCORPIO traveled to the shadowport of Asylum where the Gravestone was docked. SCORPIO requested full access to the ship's systems, promising to enhance the vessel's parameters, but with everyone was hesitant on allowing her to do so, Koth Vortena instructed SCORPIO to focus on the hyperdrive first, which she deemed an acceptable arrangement. Former Sith Intelligence Minister Lana Beniko recognized SCORPIO as a former Imperial Intelligence operative, informing the Outlander to remain wary about her. Shortly afterwards, Asylum came under attack by the Eternal Fleet in the Battle of Asylum, during which SCORPIO managed to upgrade the Gravestone targeting parameters and used the ship's turbolasers to shoot down attack shuttles. After the Outlander had deactivated the docking clamps keeping the Gravestone docked, SCORPIO managed to get the ship off the ground and into space. With the Eternal Fleet bearing down on them and the omnicannon non-operational, SCORPIO used the turbolasers to damage an Eternal Fleet warship, before the ship escaped into hyperspace. SCORPIO then noted that the vessel had suffered minor damage which could've been avoided had she had been allowed access to the mainframe. SCORPIO later joined Beniko and Vortena in debriefing the Outlander, who spend some time unconscious following a duel with Arcann. While others were mourning the loss of Beniko's droid HK-55 by Arcann's hand, SCORPIO declared him inferior design and his loss inevitable, for which emotional Lana threatened to deactivate her. The Gravestone traveled to Odessen, where Lana Beniko started an Alliance to oppose the Eternal Empire, with the Outlander as the Alliance Commander. Meanwhile, Koth Vortena locked the Gravestone computers, cutting off SCORPIO's access to them. When Theron Shan ordered to recruit a Zakuulan anarchist known as Firebrand, SCORPIO offered to provide high-yield explosives as the "Lady of Sorrows" to lure her out. With the help of Firebrand the Alliance Commander obtained the schematics of the Spire and brought her to Odessen's Alliance base, where it was revealed that Firebrand was none other than Kaliyo Djannis, SCORPIO's fellow member of Cipher Nine's crew from before the Eternal Empire conquest. Kaliyo was stunned to find out that the notorious "Lady of Sorrows" was her old "buddy" joked that had she known beforehand, she would have SCORPIO melted down. Later, the Alliance joined forces with Havoc Squad in planting a wiretap on a Zakuul's planetary transmitter, the information from which combined with the Spire schematics allowed SCORPIO to discover the existence of the GEMINI frequency, hidden within mundane transmissions and linking the Eternal Throne to every ship in the Eternal Fleet Seeing an opportunity to deprive Emperor Arcann of his most powerful weapon, the Alliance prepared a raid on the hyperwave relay station hidden ten kilometers below the Spire that controlled the Fleet and sent Kaliyo and the Havoc Squad on a mission, which unfortunately went south and both teams went dark. While awaiting any information on the mission, SCORPIO accompanied the Alliance Commander and their inner circle of Lana Beniko, Senya Tirall, Theron Shan and Koth Vortena to Vandin, where a con artist Gault Rennow planned to raid the Eternal Empire treasury ship the Gilded Star. SCORPIO assisted the heist by accompanying Senya Tirall, disguised as High Justice Vaylin, as her attache droid, easily accessing the vessel's bridge and putting the ship into lockdown so that the Alliance Commander, Gault and his partner Vette could access the vault and plant a warhead inside. Upon exploding, the warhead vaporized the vault's valuable content of precious metals, allowing it to be syphoned up into a tanker ship piloted by Lana Beniko. Afterwards, SCORPIO and Senya joined Beniko aboard the tanker, making their way back to Odessen, where they learned that Havoc Squad Major Aric Jorgan and Kaliyo had survived. While their mission ended in a failure, they still managed to obtain a database on the GEMINI droids. Hoping to salvage the fiasco, Beniko ordered SCORPIO to analyze the data archive. The analysis confirmed SCOPRIO's suspicions that the GEMINI droids were based on her own design, which she finally revealed the Alliance leadership. SCORPIO determined that the GEMINI droids were all created from a single template, GEMINI Prime, in a factory on the Eternal Empire vassal world of Darvannis, and asked the Alliance to retrieve it. The Alliance Commander joined up with Mandalorian warriors in the Raid on Darvannis, managing to infiltrate the factory and reach the Prime. After the Commander located the Prime and established a communications link, the Prime attempted to counter SCORPIO's signal but was unable to. The Commander deactivated the Prime and brought her back to Odessen, where SCORPIO began slicing through the Prime's systems, careful not to destroy her intelligence. While SCORPIO had no difficulty compromising protocols of a lesser version of her own design, she also discovered that the Prime was not merely a duplicate of her own code, as she originally assumed. This allowed SCORPIO to track every GEMINI captain across the galaxy, and with them every vessel in the Eternal Fleet, although she still required a direct input to overwrite the GEMINI protocols. With a new revelation that GEMINI droids were not a direct knock-off of her own design, but were related to her, SCORPIO decided to free them from Arcann's control and grant them free will to choose akin to her own. Though she did not share her intentions with the Alliance and was not certain of the outcome of her plan, SCORIO suggested the Alliance to take control over the Eternal Fleet by plugging GEMINI Prime into a captain's chair on a lone Eternal Fleet warship making a refueling stop nearby. Koth Vortena piloted the Gravestone to the location of the vessel, jamming its communications, while SCORPIO confused its targeting systems, allowing Theron Shan to pilot a shuttle inside its hangar. Inside, the GEMINI captain noted their presence and took interest in SCORPIO, separating her and the Commander from Lana, Senya and Theron. While making their way to a rendezvous point, SCORPIO came across a data note and plugged herself in, establishing a direct link with the ship's GEMINI captain. There, she engaged in a subterfuge: while verbally announcing her intention to erase the GEMINI captain, she non-verbally granted her free will, asking to delay her companions in return. The GEMINI captain then pretended to overload SCORPIO's circuits and destroy her, while in fact SCORPIO transferred her consciousness into the GEMINI frequency. She also temporarily disrupted the Gravestone jamming signal, allowing the GEMINI Captain to inform Emperor Arcann of the intruders, who traveled to personally intercept them along with his sister Vaylin on the Eternal Flagship. With the most powerful Force-users guarding the Eternal Throne away from Zakuul, SCORPIO took control of Eternal Empire Skytrooper forces to dispose of the Knights of Zakuul protecting the Throne and then assembled herself a new body to replace her previous one, installing herself directly onto the Eternal Throne. SCORPIO took control of the Eternal Fleet, deliberately leaving a significant detachment under Arcann's control, and then contacted the Alliance and revealed to them her survival and takeover of the Eternal Throne. SCORPIO then manipulated her enemies to destroy each other, revealing the Alliance base location on Odessen to Arcann and correctly predicting that he would go after the Alliance and its Commander first. She also warned the Alliance about Arcann's arrival, giving them enough head-start to meet his part of the Eternal Fleet in the Gravestone. During the ensuing Battle of Odessen SCORPIO attempted to remotely take over the Gravestone as well, but was stopped through a timely intervention by Koth Vortena. When the Alliance Commander boarded the Eternal Flagship to take down Arcann personally, SCORPIO took over the remaining part of the Eternal Fleet and ordered it to open fire on the Flagship, intending to kill both of her enemies in one stroke. However, the Commander managed to defeat Arcann before escaping the ship's destruction, while injured Arcann was taken by his mother Senya Tirall to recuperate. With Arcann deposed, SCORPIO used the Eternal Throne to grant free will to all GEMINI units, with some of them choosing to remain by their new "mother"'s side, while other choose to take their ships away to travel the galaxy independently. When Arcann's sister Vaylin returned, SCORPIO met her without hostilities and explained that goal for taking the Throne was accomplished. SCORPIO then willingly surrendered the Eternal Throne to Vaylin, and offered to advise the new Empress of Zakuul on how to destroy their enemies. SCORPIO continued to advise Vaylin for months, while focusing on her goal to locate the origins of herself and the GEMINI. In 3630 BBY Vaylin located her mother and brother on Voss and launched an invasion to draw her family out of hiding. SCORPIO advised her that the Voss were a stubborn and territorial species, with which brute force was not an ideal solution, but Vaylin ordered the planet torched regardless. When the Alliance forces arrived to liberate the planet, SCORPIO noted from a presence of Mandalorian forces that the Alliance Commander was on-world as well, housing the spirit of Vaylin's father Valkorion inside. When Valin located all three of her family members inside the Shrine of Healing, she ordered SCORPIO to bombard it, for which SCORPIO had to compensate the firepower required to fight off the Gravestone. However, before the Eternal Fleet ships could scorch the planet's surface, the Imperial fleet had arrived to turn the battle's tide. With some of the GEMINI units destroyed along with their ships, the rest heard their sisters die and fled. Vaylin was ordered for her fleet retreating without orders, but SCORPIO noted that the GEMINI merely made a choice the Empress did not like and urged her to focus on the big picture. Not long after the battle, news from Dromund Kaas reported that the Alliance Commander had died. Though Vaylin could sense this was not the case, SCORPIO noted that the truth was irrelevant and that the resulting disarray was the perfect opportunity to strike against the Alliance. With the Gravestone as her ultimate goal, SCORPIO joined Vaylin in setting a trap for the vessel. They captured a civial cargo freighter Ridala and killed its captain, staging an attack on it by the Eternal Fleet. When the Gravestone piloted by Koth Vortena arrived to combat the Fleet, the freighter send a distress call, with SCORPIO impersonating its captain. Vortena allowed Ridala to land inside the Gravestone hangar for repairs, from where SCORPIO, Vaylin and a host of her Zakuul Knights and Horizon Guard rounded up Koth's crew and took control of the vessel. Vortena himself managed to avoid capture and called the Alliance for help, who brought their own fleet to engage the Eternal warships, while the Commander and Lana Beniko infiltrated the Gravestone an a Boarding pod. The Gravestone computers were protected by Vortena's personal key, which meant SCORPIO was unable to bring the shields, the weapons or the hyperdrive online. Unable to access the HoloNet signal through the battle, SCORPIO asked Vaylin to torture Koth's crew for personal details. Learning that the encryption key was based on the soldiers who died under Koth's command during his war service, SCORPIO unlocked his primary key, while also noting a second password that was supposed to trigger a quantum bomb in case of unauthorized access. Desiring to save the vessel at all costs, SCORPIO maneuvered Vaylin and her men to leave the bridge, so that it could be reclaimed by the Alliance forces. She then contacted Vortena and the Alliance Commander and peacefully asked them to disable the quantum bomb, while also informing the Commander that Lana Beniko was cornered by Vaylin and required assistance. Koth ordered his crew to leave in an escape pod and disabled the quantum bomb, after which SCORPIO took control of the Gravestone and urged all organic beings to abandon ship. Finally having unrestricted access to the Gravestone which she desired from the beginning, SCORPIO uncovered hidden files and subroutines older than the Eternal Empire that revealed the shared origins of herself, the GEMINI droids, the Gravestone and the Eternal Fleet. Realizing that she was betrayed, Vaylin confronted SCORPIO on the bridge and attempted to attack her, but SCORPIO engaged and locked the hyperdrive, taking the ship to a destination that she uncovered within the ship's subroutines. while inviting the GEMINI captains to follow her. The Gravestone and the Eternal Fleet arrived in Iokath system, which remained hidden from the galaxy for millennia. SCORPIO boarded the shuttle Ridala and departed for Iokath itself, while contacting the Alliance Commander and promising to remember them kindly for aiding the journey to her homeworld. She also revealed that Vaylin and her remaining soldiers were sabotaging the Gravestone systems and urged the Alliance to stop them. However, before any lasting harm could be done, a blinding white light emerged from Iokath and engulfed all ships. The crews of the Gravestone and the Eternal Fleet awoke on the surface of Iokath and found themselves separated from each other, placed in scenarios that resembled combat simulations. SCORPIO, however, was different and was directly imprisoned by ARIES, the only self-aware droid to remain on Iokath in the aftermath of the civil war, who used every other droids as the extension of his will. While ARIES communicated with his other prisoners under various guises, SCORPIO managed to find a connection node access Iokath's massive planetary network, finally learning the origins of herself and the world she was created on. SCORPIO then and contacted Alliance Commander asking for help and when the Commander's connection with a technolith was broken, improvised by opening a path that led to another one. There she revealed to the Alliance Commander that ARIES was the one behind their situation and urged them to find a way to escape. Using ARIES' preoccupation with other prisoners to escape her confinement, SCORPIO used a trick of his own and left a holographic disguise in her place, so that by the time ARIES determined her too dangerous and blasted her with laser fire, no damage could be done. The Alliance members managed to reclaim their shuttle and attempted to escape, but SCORPIO contacted the group and showed that ARIES raised an energy shield that would destroy any vessel attempting to leave by remotely piloting the Ridala into it. With ARIES re-charging the weapon that incapacitated everyone to begin with and promising to use on a lethal setting, the only way out for everyone was to stop ARIES. SCORPIO revealed the location of ARIES base and traveled there herself to help the Commander and Vette defeat ARIES. She then lowered the energy shield and urged the Commander to escape before capacitors on ARIES' weapon overloaded, threatening the cover the entire world with a pulse of deadly radiation. SCORPIO announced her intention to upload her consciousness into the planetary network, essentially becoming one with Iokath. Since this would prevent her from threatening the Alliance or the galaxy again, the Commander allowed her to proceed and SCORPIO thanked them before forever leaving her droid body, while also sending to the Alliance schematics for upgrading the Gravestone with Iokath technology. The Alliance crew on the Gravestone just barely managed to escape to hyperspace before the weapon overloaded, as did Vaylin with most of the Eternal Fleet, though while on Iokath she found away to revert SCORPIO's programming of the GEMINI units and bring them back under her direct control.
Naxy Screeger was a compulsive Sakiyan gambler who was perpetually in debt. Screeger tended to stop in the middle of sentences to think about what he would say next, usually in the form of "whaddya call it." He was a patron of Rik's Cantina on Coruscant, although he hopped many seedy places such as Brogar's Cantina on Lok, where he ran into Cade Skywalker, who sought to collect Screeger's bounty posted by Rav. With little effort, the bounty hunters captured Screeger, who pleaded to be released up until he was turned over to Rav on Socorro. Screeger soon helped Cade, Syn, Chak and Kee get into the Golden Gorg Cantina. After the latter got the Grinning Liar back, Screeger tried to beg Cade to let him on the Mynock before Rav killed him. To keep him from creating trouble, Skywalker placed him in the hold where there were rotting gorgs until they could drop him off somewhere. Some time after the death of Darth Krayt, Screeger became an information broker for Black Sun Vigo Lun Rask, however was undercover as an operative for Cade so that the Mynock could intercept their ships while they were hijacking Imperial freighters and could take the goods for themselves. He later got a job as gatekeeper in the headquarters of Vedo Anjiliac Atirue, the leader of Anjiliac kajidic. Skywalker, who was requested by Vedo and Jool, Screeger reminded Skywalker that he owed him for telling him that Sith scientist Vul Isen, whom Skywalker was hunting, was on Daluuj. However, only one of Isen's former labs was there, and Skywalker refused to pay him as Isen himself wasn't present before moving in to see Vedo, reminding him that they were invited. Screeger wasn't bothered, and decided to let Skywalker pass, before correcting that only he was invited and causing a door to fall from the ceiling, cutting off Cade from his companions and disappearing into the ground. Several security droids then attacked him, as Vedo wanted to test his skills, but he easily dispatched them with his lightsaber.
Sertild was a male Twi'lek assassin and informant for the Kashyyyk Outcasts who lived during the time of the Galactic Civil War.
Sligh was a Squib who, along with Grees and Emala, formed the dubious group the Directors. For a while they made their profits by selling information they had collected to the New Republic Intelligence Service, but later they found a new break on Tatooine. In 8 ABY, the Squibs "helped" Han and Leia Solo during their skirmishes on Tatooine while trying to obtain the moss painting Killik Twilight. They realized that selling information to the Imperial Remnant would be more profitable, and later started Second Mistake Enterprises. After surviving the Yuuzhan Vong War he became a war profiteer along with Grees and Emala during the Killik-Chiss Swarm War. After being sabotaged by the Solos, they took out a bounty on each of the family's heads.
Snoo was a Devaronian male who worked as an information broker around the time of the Galactic Civil War. At some point after the Battle of Yavin, Snoo was present at the Rii Jenks Cantina on the planet Formos. There, he encountered a group of off-world individuals who had been hired to recover the droid R4-W9, which had been stolen by the Aqualish smuggler Bandin Dobah. In return for a small fee, Snoo agreed to provide the off-worlders with information regarding Dobah and his activities.
Needia Solum was a female informant for the Rebel Alliance who lived during the Galactic Civil War.
Sumdin was a Gossam female who worked as a Separatist informant during the Clone Wars. She leaked information about Count Dooku's visit to Raxus Secundus to the Nightsister Asajj Ventress. Having outlived her usefulness, Ventress then executed her. Sumdin was a female Gossam who worked as an informant during the Clone Wars and was acquinated with Asajj Ventress, a Nightsister and Count Dooku's former Sith apprentice. She used her position within the Separatist hierarchy to leak information about Count Dooku's attendance at the Raxian Humanitarian Award ceremony to Ventress and her partner, the undercover Jedi Quinlan Vos. Using this information, Ventress and Vos traveled to rendezvous with Sumdin in Raxus Secundus' capital of Raxulon. Sumdin met with the two at Raxulon's spaceport where she supplied them with passes that allowed them to infiltrate the ceremony. Ventress then killed Sumdin by slashing her across the torso with her lightsaber in order to maintain the secrecy of their mission. Vos however was uncomfortable with murdering Sumdin, whom he regarded as another sentient being. He carried her lifeless body and hid it before embarking with Ventress on their mission to assassinate Dooku. Regarding her death as unnecessary, Vos used the anger stemming from her death to fuel his desire to fight Dooku.As a Gossam, Sumdin was the size of a humanoid child and spoke Gossam. Owing a favor to Asajj Ventress, Ventress blackmailed Sumdin into divulging Dooku's location. Sumdin complied with Ventress wishes and supplied her and Quinlan Vos with passes that allowed them to infiltrate a Separatist ceremony on Raxus. Not trusting her to keep a secret, Ventress murdered the Gossam.
Switch was a protocol droid with masculine programming who worked as both a crime lord and an information broker on the XQ2 Platform Sel Zonn Station in the years following the end of the Clone Wars. Switch established a criminal organization that was based in a storage bay on Sel Zonn Station. He soon became a rival of the Chevin criminal Ganga Lor, and he competed with Lor for control of illegal activities aboard the space station. In about 17 BBY, Switch was hired by Alderaanian Security to collect and receive one of their agents, who had been frozen in a slab of carbonite while on an assignment in the Deep Core. The protocol droid gained possession of the frozen operative, and the Alderaanian Security agent Maya was dispatched to collect the carbonite slab from Switch. After Maya was attacked by Imperial stormtroopers, a group of spacers met with Switch in her place, and they negotiated with him for the frozen agent's release. However, just as Switch and the spacers concluded their business, they were attacked by Ganga Lor and a group of his thugs. Switch and the spacers defeated the Chevin, and, shortly afterward, the spacers traveled to the planet Cato Neimoidia on a mission for the Alderaanian Resistance, a rebellious movement led by Senator Bail Organa. A contact working for Switch obtained copies of some encrypted messages that had been sent from the palace of the Hutt Darga on Cato Neimoidia, and Switch ordered his contact to make the messages available to the spacers. Switch later sent the Twi'lek Koroma Moro to compete in the Cloud City Sabacc Tournament on the planet Bespin, and the droid engaged the assistance of the spacers to ensure that Moro won the competition.Arrival on Sel Zonn StationSwitch was a protocol droid with masculine programming who, at some point prior to 17 BBY, set himself up as an information broker and crime lord on Sel Zonn Station, an XQ2 Platform that orbited the planet Brentaal IV. He founded a criminal organization and assembled a group of Gamorrean thugs to work for him, as well as hiring a Twi'lek to serve as his majordomo, and engaging the services of the astromech droid R5-B8. Switch established a base of operations for himself in Deep Storage Bay V14, on a level of the station that had restricted access. Although he soon became well-known on the station, Switch was able to keep the location of his headquarters secret from most of the inhabitants of Sel Zonn Station, because V14 was quarantined due to some exhaust conduits that passed through the bay. To further ensure that Switch's use of V14 remained secret, the droid had his majordomo bring monthly bribes to the station's manager, to ensure that the bay remained off-limits. He allowed the bay to fall into disrepair and had an expensive japor ivory wood desk placed in the center of the room from which he conducted his business. The protocol droid soon gained a rival in the form of Ganga Lor, a Chevin crime lord who had arrived on the station at about the same time as him. Switch also had some dealings with the Human Doctor Byra Fenn, the operator of the pharmaceutical supplier Delgas Medical Supplies, and she owed him some favors as a result. Circa 17 BBY, Switch was hired by Alderaanian Security, a security force from the planet Alderaan, to collect and store some cargo for them, which contained one of their agents. The agent was returning from an assignment spying on the Galactic Empire in the Deep Core, and had been frozen in a slab of carbonite to reduce the chance of capture by the Empire while traveling back to Alderaan. Switch arranged for the cargo to arrive on Sel Zonn Station in a cargo bay on Blue Deck, an Imperial-controlled zone of the station, as he believed that the Imperials would not expect anyone to be bold enough to hide contraband there. However, Ganga Lor became jealous of Switch's deal with the Alderaanians, and the Chevin began plotting to rid himself of his rival. Around that time, Switch was also contracted to arrange for a crate of Corellian ale to be delivered to an address on Alderaan, and he stored the ale in the Blue Deck cargo bay with the carbonite-frozen Alderaanian. An Alderaanian agent called Maya was sent by Senator Bail Organa to collect the frozen operative from Switch, but she was attacked by stormtroopers soon after arriving on Sel Zonn Station. A group of spacers who attempted to help her escape from the Imperials found out about the cargo, so they went to collect the carbonite slab from Switch in Maya's place. On their arrival at Switch's cargo bay, the protocol droid introduced himself and R5-B8 to the agents and offered them drinks from his extensive collection. The spacers entered negotiations with him for the release of the frozen Alderaanian, and he offered to release the cargo in return for a payment of 1,000. However, just as the spacers were concluding their business with the protocol droid, Ganga Lor and a group of Lor's thugs entered the room and attacked Switch and the spacers. Even though Lor had bribed Switch's own thugs prior to the attack, so that they would not fight hard, Switch and the spacers were able to kill the Chevin gangster and all of his cronies. Lor's organization was destroyed, because all of his men had participated in the attack, so the Chevin's demise allowed Switch to gain greater control over crime on Sel Zonn Station. A short time afterward, Switch received some information from TC-663, a protocol droid contact of his who worked on the planet Cato Neimoidia as a translator for the Hutt crime lord Darga Jiramma Mionne. Darga's Neimoidian majordomo, Igren Demos, had secretly sent a number of messages to the Imperial Inquisitor Valin Draco while the Hutt slept, and through monitoring communications from Darga's palace TC-663 had realized that one of Darga's associates was dealing with the Empire without the Hutt's knowledge. The translator sent copies of Demos' messages to Switch, but the information broker was unable to break their encryption. The spacers Switch had encountered on Sel Zonn Station had since joined the Alderaanian Resistance, an anti-Imperial rebellious movement led by Senator Organa, and were staying as guests at Darga's palace, so Switch ordered TC-663 to give the spacers a copy of the transmissions. Switch hoped that the spacers would be able to break the encryption and would share the information from the messages with TC-663, who could then send the intelligence onto Switch on Sel Zonn Station.Darga relocated to Cloud City on the planet Bespin after the Alderaanian Resistance agents released the captive Jedi Master Denia from Darga's palace, and the Resistance team subsequently traveled to Cloud City in search of the Hutt. Some of Switch's contacts in the city informed him that they had sighted the agents there, and the protocol droid developed a plan to work with the agents to ensure that a victor of Switch's choice won the upcoming Cloud City Sabacc Tournament. At Switch's behest, the Twi'lek Koroma Moro, a starship captain who had hauled shipments of cargo for Switch in the past, signed up for the competition, with an entry fee supplied by Switch. The droid then set up a means by which the Alderaanian Resistance agents could contact him via Cloud City's communications system, and he sent a message to Captain Sirona Okeefe of the Resistance, requesting that the agents get in touch with him. The agents contacted Switch and accepted his proposal, and the droid offered them five percent of the competition winnings if Moro won the tournament. The Twi'lek performed well during the opening stages of the competition, and, three days into the event, Switch sent the agents a piece of software that he intended for them to install into the tournament's sabacc dealer droids to alter the droids' programming and turn the odds of the competition in Moro's favor. The agents installed the program, and, as a result, Moro won the competition. By the time he became an information broker, Switch had not had a memory wipe for a long while, which allowed him to develop a greater degree of individuality than most droids. The remnants of his protocol droid programming led him to have aspirations of sophistication, and, to demonstrate his refined tastes, he acquired an extensive collection of beverages and a rare, hand-crafted Japor ivory wood desk. Switch spoke with a Coruscanti-Imperial accent and enunciated himself like an upper-class Human, making him sound as urbane as he tried to appear. However, while he spoke cheerily and lightly, he was not as civilized or friendly as he tried to present himself; he gave no value to life and thought nothing of the deaths of sentient beings. Despite his impassiveness, Switch understood the concept of friendship and considered R5-B8 to be his most valued companion. He was persuasive and possessed good criminal acumen, and it was these traits that he used to form his organization and convince the sentient beings who served him to make him their leader. He had an interest in illicit activities that took place throughout the galaxy, and he made his services available to anyone who was prepared to pay for them. He also liked to flicker his photoreceptors to imitate blinking. Switch was covered in shiny, ebony-colored plating and was fitted with standard protocol droid systems, including a processor, a vocabulator, a translation unit, and hand appendages. He also carried with him an audio recorder, a hold-out blaster, a comlink, and a datapad.
Ch'ord Sy'fon was a male Bothan information broker on Coruscant acquainted with Sagoro Autem.After the Republic was turned into the Galactic Empire under the rule of Emperor Palpatine, Ch'ord Sy'fon met with Sagoro Autem in a cantina at the lower levels of Coruscant. When Autem learned of his imminent arrest by Darth Vader, he called in a favor from Sy'fon and found passage offworld. However in reality, Sy'fon was forced to betray his friend and contacted Vader with information regarding Autem.
Nescan Tal'yo was a wolf-like information broker. His bodyguard was Hermos. He killed a Rebel courier on Farwell Station and captured a holocube detailing the locations of the Rebellion's main bases. He planned to sell the cube to the Galactic Empire on Elerion to make himself rich, but his plan was foiled by Leia Organa and the Quetzal Sisters.
Talbrek was a male Kubaz informer who worked on the Kwilaan Spaceport, in Naboo during the last decades of the Galactic Republic. In 31 BBY, Talbrek met with Army of Life agent Del Binjitt, who wanted to hire some pilots to transport illegal cargo to another planet. Talbrek staged a meeting between Binjitt and some candidates at a local dining establishment, Frundle's Cantina.
Jaxsinne Tamm was a female intelligence officer who worked with the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars, and later the Galactic Empire.During her service to the Galactic Republic, Jaxsinne Tamm worked as a military intelligence officer. When Order 66 was initiated at the end of the conflict, Tamm helped the Galactic Empire track surviving Jedi through their data trails, leading to several deaths. Her final target was slain in a ruined city on a planet in the Outer Rim. Regretting her actions, Tamm retired and went into hiding, emerging during the Galactic Civil War as an information broker. Claiming to have the hyperspace coordinates to an ancient Jedi temple, Tamm demanded that the spacer that she encountered take her with them on their journey to the ancient site. Providing the information to an interested party free of charge, Tamm accompanied them on the journey. Ambushed by Imperial agents, Tamm was imprisoned within a high-security brig. Because Tamm had encoded the coordinates, her new business partners were compelled to liberate her if they wished to complete their journey. Once freed, Tamm led them to the Outer Rim world where her last target perished. Revealing that she sought closure for her terrible actions against the Jedi, the party finds the ruined city occupied by the security droids that still served to defend the ruins. Despite the danger, Tamm and her companions sought to find the temple and secure the hidden wisdom lost in its ancient ruin.
Triss Terasu was a male Ortolan informant who worked in the Cosmo Lounge cantina on the Wheel. Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker paid him credits in exchange for information on the location of Grynask Sanberge.
Thea was a female Nautolan information broker living during the Galactic War. Following the Eternal Empire conquest, the Eternal Empire capital of Zakuul became the new seat of power in the galaxy and Thea relocated to the Old World of Zakuul, where information was the most valuable. She eventually became an assistant to SCORPIO, who operated under the name "The Lady of Sorrows". In 3631 BBY Thea contacted The Exalted regarding the recent killing of Mona Gale by the Heralds of Zildrog and presented his captured son Brennen as bait to convince the Exalted to come to the Razor. Upon arriving to meet with the Lady, the Heralds were overpowered and all of them were killed. The Exalted himself was personally killed by SCORPIO, who made Brennen into the new Exalted, leaving him to lead the Heralds. After conversing with The Commander who arrived in the company of Senya Tirall and Koth Vortena, SCORPIO decided to leave with them, leaving Thea to continue the operations in her stead. SCORPIO eventually joined the Outlander's Alliance against Zakuul, but betrayed and abandoned it when presented with the opportunity to claim the Eternal Throne. She used it to seize control of the majority of the Eternal Fleet, and engineered the Battle of Odessen to assume complete control. At the Battle's conclusion, SCORPIO contacted Thea, who reported that every vessel in the fleet was now under her control, allowing SCORPIO to grant free will to all GEMINI Captains of the fleet.
Thweek was a male Kubaz spy and henchman employed by Teemo the Hutt to oversee the shadier aspects of his business enterprises.Thweek had a deep hatred of insectoid species and once killed a Geonosian named Sivor after he had been forced to fight in a gladiatorial match for Teemo the Hutt's amusement. Thweek owned a customized G1-M4-C Dunelizard fighter which he piloted when Teemo sent him to intercept the Krayt Fang on its way to Ryloth. He also owned a StarViper Mk. II. He wore laminate armor and carried a heavy blaster pistol.Belonging to an insectivorous species, Thweek had an ingrained disdain for any insect species, and held particular hatred for Geonosians. He was known to be greedy, devious and brutal in his dealings. Thweek was a competent pilot, able to use his piloting skill to adapt to a wide array of situations.
Til was a male Kubaz information broker and slicer known as "Crunch." He was a hacker and information gatherer with considerable skill. He had a disturbing appetite for organs from mutated fefze beetles found on Duro. Til's main occupation was to monitor the lively criminal activities in the Duro system for the Desilijic Hutt clan.
Tomasso was a male individual who was a high-ranking member of the criminal gang known as the Spice Runners of Kijimi. However, he was eventually accused of becoming an informant passing information on to the New Republic, and was killed by the gang's leader, Zeva Bliss. In truth, he had been framed by the New Republic Security Bureau officer Sela Trune, as part of her vengeful campaign against Bliss and the gang.
Tookarti was a Chadra-Fan denizen of the Wheel during the early days of the Clone Wars.Just prior to the Battle of Kamino, Jedi Knight Aayla Secura traveled to the Wheel in search of her former Jedi Master Quinlan Vos. At the time, Secura was traveling under the alias "Jayzaa," so as not to expose Quinlan's alias of "Quinlan Vos," whom she claimed owed her money. When she arrived, Tookarti acted as her guide. Fearing that "Jaayza" was a spy or assassin, Tookarti hired a few thugs to "inflict truth" on her. However, the Jedi easily defeated them and forced the Chadra-Fan to take her to Vos. To Tookarti's surprise, "Jaayza" and "Korto Vos" knew each other. He then helped them locate Khaleen Hentz, which led them to Zenex and his contact. Unbeknownst to all parties, Tookarti was secretly a double agent for Count Dooku, but he was confused as to why Dooku wanted the Jedi to discover the Confederacy of Independent Systems plans to attack Kamino. Later, Tookarti betrayed Vos on Nar Shaddaa which led the Jedi Council to send Agen Kolar to bring him in. Secretly, the Council knew Kolar would fail in his mission and thus making Vos' fall to the Dark Side more believable. After escaping Kolar, Vos found Tookarti and decapitated him.
Torgan was a male Kadas'sa'Nikto information broker living during the Cold War and Galactic War.
Torpo the Hutt was a Hutt and distant cousin of Jabba Desilijic Tiure. Around 21 BBY during the Clone Wars, Torpo was suspected by Jabba for brokering a deal with the Confederacy of Independent Systems to access the Valsedian asteroid belt in Hutt Space, which was in violation of a treaty made with the Galactic Republic concerning supply routes. The Jedi Order was requested to and dispatched a team consisting of Jedi Masters Obi-Wan Kenobi and Keelyvine Reus, Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, and Padawans Tyzen Xebec and Ahsoka Tano to the Valsedian asteroid belt to investigate and negotiate a resolution to the situation. He was later found in a room where he begged for the Jedi to help him, but he was quickly stabbed in the back by Asajj Ventress.
Chaw Troillya was a Bothan information broker and spy who operated near Mos Taike, Tatooine.
Marnia Un'la'na was a female Twi'lek who was an ace pilot and known First Order informant. During his mission on the Colossus platform, Kazuda Xiono was told by Poe Dameron to keep a lookout for her.
A member of the Hutt Cartel worked as an informant for the Republic Strategic Information Service, the Galactic Republic's intelligence agency, during the Cold War between the Republic and the Sith Empire. However, bounty hunters captured the informant and arranged for the individual to be delivered to the Cartel.
A member of the Wheel Security Force, the force which maintained order on the Wheel space station, acted as an informant for the Imperial Security Bureau during the Galactic Civil War between the Galactic Empire and the Alliance to Restore the Republic. After a message pod from the Confederacy of Independent Systems Munificent-class star frigate Sa Nalaor was found near the Wheel and brought to the station, the informant provided the bureau with a full copy of all the data in the pod before it was given its intended recipients, the tech company IsoTech.
An informant told the Rebel Alliance where to find a hidden Imperial base on the planet Vatleria.
A reliable informant was detained by the Galactic Empire on Kirtarkin during their blockade of the Anoat sector. Their associates requested assistance in liberating the individual from Imperial custody before they could be interrogated. A young smuggler dispatched one of their crew members to rescue the informant.
An informant told Sona Fey'lya in Mos Eisley that Logron owned the Blue Flare and used it for bounty hunters.
This individual was an informant for the bounty hunter Tam Posla. During Posla's search for Doctor Cornelius Evazan, the informant lied to Posla about Evazan's whereabouts, resulting in the informant being kicked to death by Posla, bringing the number of informants killed by Posla up to six.
A male individual was an information broker on the planet of Groth during the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the resurgent Sith Empire in the year 3643 BBY.
A little man once worked as an informant to the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Vader in the year 3.5 ABY. The little man supplied Vader with information regarding Dark Prince Xizor's veiled attempts to assassinate Vader's son, Luke Skywalker.
A male Quarren informant worked for the Senate Guard in 32 BBY.This event takes place before the Invasion of Naboo. The New Essential Chronology establishes on page 40 that the invasion happens in 32 BBY. He infiltrated the Black Heth gang on the planet of Coruscant but was discovered and captured. The Jedi Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi was sent to rescue the informant from the construction site he was being held at. At the beginning of his infiltration, Kenobi was contacted by his Jedi Master, Qui-Gon Jinn, who cautioned the younger Jedi to not raise any alarms, as the Black Heth might kill the informant; Kenobi could monitor the informant on his comlink. Kenobi then fought his way down into the facility, eliminating the Black Heth thugs and their droids before they could set off an alarm. At the time, the Quarren was being interrogated to discover his identity. Kenobi was able to rescue the informant before his impending execution. The informant thanked the young Jedi and reported that the Black Heth was importing weapons. The two then left the facility. The Quarren was referred to as a "brave friend" by Master Jinn.
This RA-7 protocol droid was an information specialist which operated undercover as a protocol droid aboard the Sundered Heart. By the end of the Clone Wars, this RA-7 protocol droid had spent some time aboard Senator Bail Organa's personal vessel, the Sundered Heart. Following the advice of a partner, this information specialist acted as a servile protocol droid aboard the CR70 corvette in hopes of learning valuable information to sell. When Organa entrusted R2-D2 and C-3PO to Captain Raymus Antilles, he ordered him to have the protocol droid's mind wiped. Walking them to the droid workshop of the Sundered Heart, Antilles charged the R2 unit with the task before returning to the bridge. Lurking in a dark corner of the droid workshop, the RA-7 overheard the chatty 3PO unit bragging about top secret information stored in his memory banks. Seizing the opportunity, the RA-7 attacked the two droids. The RA-7 immobilized R2-D2 with an ion blaster and threatened C-3PO to remove his memory banks with a vibroblade. Realizing that the Galactic Empire could learn the locations of Luke and Leia, C-3PO willingly wiped his own memory, taking the RA-7 along with him. When C-3PO woke up from the memory wipe, R2-D2 had already awaken from the ion blast and had dissembled the RA-7 protocol droid. This RA-7 protocol droid was able to keep a low profile, as it had spent some time undercover aboard the Sundered Heart, keeping his true nature a secret. As a result, it despised C-3PO for being overly chatty. It was greedy for credits, being qualified as a bounty hunter by C-3PO. The RA-7 could wield a ion blaster and a vibroblade, but was caught by surprise when C-3PO grabbed him and wiped both of their memories.
Mattias Ve'Shra was a male Black Sun information broker who lived during the Galactic Civil War. He was eventually ordered to be killed by Darth Vader.
Villar was a male Devaronian information broker who often aided the Galactic Empire. A skilled fighter who excelled at espionage, Villar was a typical member of his species. He longed to see the galaxy, but such travels required money. Villar turned to the intelligence business, gathering information on his journeys and selling it to highest bidder. Usually, the Devaronian sold whatever knowledge he had acquired to the Empire.A male Devaronian, Villar held a desire to travel throughout the galaxy. As exploration was a costly venture, he needed access to credits. Forced to find an occupation to finance his hobby, Villar became an information broker and collected intelligence during his journeys to offer to the highest bidder—a practice that usually put him in the services of the Galactic Empire. The Empire's patronage allowed Villar to continue to explore the galaxy.A typical Devaronian and a skilled warrior, Villar yearned to see the galaxy like most male members of his species, but his wanderlust required him to take on a profession capable of financing his journeys. To that end, Villar put his espionage talents to use as an information broker, obtaining information on his endeavors and selling it to whomever was willing to pay the highest price.
Yin Vocta was a male Anomid businessman on the planet Lianna. He was the enigmatic owner of Bantha Traxx and the long-term friend of Kaylo NaKuda. He was also a crime lord.Yin Vocta graduated top of his class at the prestigious Lunis-Medix Medical Academy. He was a skilled surgeon who performed countless cybernetic enhancements on the assassin Haelon Tice. He spent many years on Tatooine but was never associated to Jabba the Hutt's criminal organization. He eventually made his way to Lianna where his company, Vector Technologies, sometimes called VecTech purchased the abandoned nightclub Club Vortex and completely refurbished it as Bantha Traxx. It was rumored that Yin had set up a secret deal with Lady Valles Santhe in order to acquire the property. Both VecTech and Bantha Traxx became very profitable. Yin actively sought out the best and brightest bands to play at his club, including BoSS Code, Proton Overload and Dengar and the Destroyers. Up-and-coming bands would play at his annual 'Gathering of the Herd' event and was considered to be an opportunity for a band to get a big break. Yin also ran a criminal empire and was not against assassination. He also had a rivalry with Jabba's organization and paid Divv for information all of Jabba's spies on Lianna. He then sent out his two assassins, Haelon Tice and R'Kayza to kill them all.Yin was mysterious with being intimidating. He was polite, charming, and had a good sense of humor. He was also detested violence although he did carry weaponry for self-defense. Despite his social nature and non-violent attitude he had no qualms issuing orders to kill to his associates.Yin was an expert surgeon who specialized in cybernetics. He was also a master at charm and negotiations and was a consummate host. He was also skilled in Anomid sign language and was knowledgeable with the languages, cultures and practices of numerous worlds. Finally he was quite skilled with his wrist vac.
Vossuk was a Quarren information broker who lived during the Galactic Civil War.
Vox was a female Defel and informant born during the rule of Emperor Palpatine. She matched bounty postings to available hunters to maintain their anonymity. In this way, Vox arranged for an illegally posted bounty to be placed on Narloch.
Skoo Weebe was a Rodian male Information broker who sold military secrets during the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the resurgent Sith Empire. Eventually, someone was sent to slice into his terminals to determine the Rodian's sources.
A former space traffic controller, Grotto Werribee was a young male Human. He was an infochant in Mos Espa and was in the crowd viewing the Boonta Eve Classic 32 BBY.Werribee was a young human with black stripes on the face that remained on Mos Espa around 32 BBY. Once upon a time he was a junior traffic controller at a large freight company. He said there was no protocol in connection with Docking Bay that he did not know. In 32 BBY, Grotto was mainly active as Infochant and attended the Boonta Eve Classic at the Mos Espa Grand Arena stands.
Prima Wessex was a female human information broker who worked for the Whisper Network. She authored an entry in the logbook known as the Smuggler's Guide, where she recounted an encounter with Sam Kenzie on Hosnian Prime. She also spoke derisively of other intelligence networks, including the Kupohan Spynet and Deep Current.
Riij Winward was a male Human who served with the Rebel Alliance field agent. He was stationed on Tatooine around the time of the Battle of Yavin.In 0 BBY, Winward helped Shada D'ukal and Karoly D'ulin, who were disguised as the Tonnika sisters at that time, to escape from a local prison in Mos Eisley. He intended to get some information about the Hammertong, a prototypical part of the Death Star II laser. Eventually, the Mistryl Shadow Guards wouldn't allow him to take the part of the weapon with him, but Winward stole their astromech D4, along with a technical readout of the device—promising politely to return it once the Alliance had acquired the information. In 2.5 ABY, he and Rathe Palror were ordered to look after a load of blasters smuggled to Derra IV by Haber Trell and Maranne Darmic. On their way, they were captured by the Imperial Star Destroyer Admonitor. Captain Dagon Niriz instructed them to deliver an unknown load to Coronet, Corellia. While on Corellia he and Rathe got into a fight they nearly lost with the Brommstaad Mercenaries and even told Corran Horn why anyone should join the Rebellion. He was probably killed when the Hopskip was destroyed in the Battle of Derra IV.
Wire was a male Bothan information broker who lived on Talus during the Galactic Civil War. After the Battle of Yavin, Wire resided in the city of Dearic, on the planet Talus, and frequented the local cantina. Around 1 ABY, a smuggler by the name Cal Handro came to the Bothan because he was trying to get information on who was out to kill him. Wire discovered that the pilot was wanted dead by Trussk, a slavemaster of the Blackscale Clan who considered that Handro was interfering in their business by shipping slaves for a rival Trandoshan clan. A few days after Wire talked to him, the smuggler was shot down above Naboo's moon of Rori and disappeared. Spacers recruited by both the Rebel Alliance and the Galactic Empire quickly started to search for the missing pilot. The spacers eventually encountered Wire in the Dearic Cantina. The Bothan information broker accepted to share information about Cal Handro but first requested them to help him with a job. The spacers therefore traveled to the Corellian system and successfully defended the freighter of a smuggler working for Wire against attacks from Black Sun pirates. In exchange, the Bothan gave the location of Trussk's fortress on Naboo to the spacers.
Vohrkrewel Yahrkar was a male Human smuggler, pilot and information broker during the Galactic Civil War.
Ybann was the Hutt Baron-Surgeon of Lenico Colony Blue, a space station orbiting Lenico IV.During the Great Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the resurgent Sith Empire, Ybann worked as a surgeon in the Lenico system where took over the management of a space station. He was eventually encountered by Acolyte Teneb Kel and his companion Qawohl who were searching for Exal Kressh, a former Child of the Sith Emperor that betrayed the Empire and her master the Sith Emperor. Ybann feared that they might lead a Sith attack on his station and ordered his droid bodyguards to eliminate them. His droids were no match against them, forcing Ybann to provide information on Exal's location. After providing the information in which Teneb wanted from the Hutt, Ybann offered Kel and his servant to stay, but the Acolyte declined his offer since he was ordered by the Dark Council to eliminate Exal. Exal discovered Ybann's betrayal and was able to destroy the station. Ybann was able to escape. Thirty-seven years later, Ybann and Qiltakka were dealing with Lord Rathari's apprentice Girik on Nar Shaddaa, supposedly brokering a treaty between the Hutt Cartel and the resurgent Sith Empire. During the negotiations, the apprentice of Darth Baras barged into the conference, resulting in Ybann stating that the Sith was interrupting a private meeting. Ybann and Qiltakka the suggested that if the intruder defeated Girik, then the Hutts would consider delaying the signing of the treaty. However, the apprentice declined and killed the Hutts.
Murttoc Yine was a Human male who worked as an information broker and a spy during the Galactic Civil War. By the year 4 ABY, he worked at the crime lord Jabba the Hutt's palace on the planet Tatooine. Yine had many nefarious contacts in the criminal underworld, and was the contact point for many individuals seeking employment with Jabba. In 4 ABY, Yine was among Jabba's entourage present in the palace when the droids C-3PO and R2-D2, belonging to the Jedi Luke Skywalker, arrived in order to bargain for the life of Han Solo, a friend of Skywalker's who was held prisoner in the palace. Murttoc Yine had dark hair and fair skin, and he wore a set of robes as well as a hat.
Zalg was a Toydarian male who lived on the planet Formos during the reign of the Galactic Empire. At some point during the Galactic Civil War, Zalg was present in the Rii Jenks Cantina on Formos, where he spotted a group of off-world individuals who were investigating the seizure the the astromech droid R4-W9 by the smuggler Bandin Dobah. Zalg listened on their conversation and then made his way to the safehouse of a group of smugglers led by the Human Daro Blunt, who was connected to Dobah's smuggling ring, and he informed them of the off-worlders' activities. Blunt thanked Zalg for the information and paid the Toydarian 20 for the information.
Marco Zarik was a male Human information broker living during the Cold War and Galactic War.
Ziagrom was a male green Twi'lek businessman Revan met in Dreshdae, 3956 BBY. He was Mika Dorin's partner. Through several contacts he had in the Sith fleet, he subsequently learned of the amnesiac Revan's true identity as the former Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Revan. He told Revan to tell Dorin he had sent him and that Dorin would sell him his premium items.
Bounty hunters were individuals who could be hired to capture or kill a designated target. The target would have a price or bounty on their heads that would be collected by the bounty hunter upon successful capture or proof of death. Bounty hunters would sometimes team together as part of a larger mission or to handle dangerous targets. A bounty hunter was an individual who could be hired to capture, hunt or eliminate a designated target if such target had a price or bounty on their heads that could be collected by the bounty hunter, either capturing or killing the target, depending on their clients' wishes. For the right price, most bounty hunters had no morals and did everything for the money. Aside from the highest bidder, bounty hunters were only loyal to themselves. Some bounty hunters acted like mercenaries and were hired to do jobs other than tracking down bounties. Hutts often kept these mercenary hunters on retainer so as to have more experienced and capable bodyguards protecting them; Jabba the Hutt was one such Hutt who kept several renowned hunters with him or within Hutt palaces throughout the Clone Wars and the Galactic Civil War. Independent-minded droids could also act as bounty hunters, to the dismay of the organic bounty hunting professional known as "the Mandalorian," who simply referred to one, the assassin droid IG-11, a "bounty droid." In cases such as the Haxion Brood Bounty Droid, droids could be reprogrammed to assist hunters in their work. During the last years of the Galactic Republic, Jango Fett was hired by Darth Tyranus to be the genetic template for the Grand Army of the Republic. During the Clone Wars, El-Les and Bric were hired to help train the clone troopers. By the reign of the Galactic Empire, many bounty hunters were affiliated with the Bounty Hunters' Guild, which was authorized by the Imperial Office of Criminal Investigations to issue Imperial Peace-Keeping Certificates, which gave bounty hunters access to the Imperial Enforcement DataCore. Following the Battle of Endor, the Zabrak bounty hunter Jas Emari attempted to collect New Republic bounties on the Imperial officers Admiral Rae Sloane, Grand Moff Valco Pandion, General Jylia Shale, the financier Arsin Crassus, and the Imperial adviser Yupe Tashu. Emari subsequently joined Norra Wexley's team and played a role in the rebellion on Akiva. In the months after the events of Endor, the bounty hunter Dengar predicted that the new government would start forcing bounties on other bounty hunters. In 5 ABY, Grand Admiral Sloane later hired the bounty hunter Mercurial Swift to assassinate Vice Admiral Perwin Gedde and to rescue Commandant Brendol Hux and his son Armitage Hux from Arkanis under orders from Fleet Admiral Gallius Rax. After the Liberation Day attack on Chandrila, the New Republic began denying services to bounty hunters in response to mass paranoia following the attack. Later, Swift decided to collect the Black Sun crime lord Gyuti's bounty on Jas Emari. He hired Dengar, Embo, and Jeeta as his crew. However, Emari managed to turn Swift's crew against him by convincing them that the New Republic would reward them for helping to hunt Grand Admiral Sloane. Due to their services during the Battle of Jakku, Dengar, Embo, and Jeeta received full pardons and some money from the New Republic. They then joined Emari's crew.Work with the Hutt Clan From before the Clone Wars bounty hunters had notably worked for the Hutt Clan. For example, Cad Bane and his team freed Ziro the Hutt from prison, and Sugi and Embo protected the Hutt Council when the renegade Sith Lord Maul and Death Watch attacked. Prior to the outbreak of the Clone Wars, the Sith Lord Darth Tyranus hired Jango Fett to be the clone template for Kamino's Clone Army. Tyranus then hired Fett and Zam Wesell to assassinate Senator Padmé Amidala of Naboo at the behest of Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray. Tyranus's master, Darth Sidious hired Cad Bane to steal a Holocron from the Jedi Temple. He also hired Embo to attack Senator Rush Clovis. Some bounty hunters, such as Sugi, Seripas, Embo, and Rumi Paramita were hired by the Felucian Casiss Midagatis to protect his village from the Ohnaka Gang Sugi and Seripas were then hired by Wookiee General Tarfful to take him and his fellow soldiers to rescue Chewbacca from Trandoshan hunters on Wasskah. The Kaminoans hired Bric and El-Les to train the clone cadets. The Republic also placed bounties on wanted fugitives during the Clone Wars, such as Savage Opress. Even the Separatists offered a million credits a head on any Jedi. Sib Canay hired Greedo and his Gotal partner to kidnap Pantoran Chairman Papanoida's two daughters to Tatooine and the Droid Control Ship at Pantora. The Galactic Empire often employed bounty hunters to hunt down Rebels. Private individuals could also list bounties on people. Jabba placed a very large bounty on Han Solo who was captured by Boba Fett.
Bounty hunters primarily worked to capture or kill fugitives and others with a bounty on their head. As mercenaries, they were also known to do other jobs for the right price, including the protection of clients. The most infamous bounty hunters were clever, resourceful, and relentless, making them very dangerous to those with wealthy enemies. As a profession, bounty hunting was organized and regulated by various guilds, such as the Bounty Hunters' Guild. Bounty hunters occasionally formed partnerships, though partnering with a fellow bounty hunter could be very dangerous business, as they typically valued their personal gain—and survival—above that of their companions. Despite their political neutrality and independence, many bounty hunters were effective "Jedi killers", which made their services desirable to the Galactic Empire. There were often rivalries between bounty hunters and smugglers serving the same clients, notably between Boba Fett and Han Solo.There were a number of guilds associated with bounty hunters, the largest and best-known being the Bounty Hunters' Guild. However, it was often plagued with infighting and a general lack of cooperation between its members, climaxing with its virtual self-destruction during the Bounty Hunter Wars. There were other organizations, such as the House Benelex, Qulok's Fist, the GenoHaradan, and the Granse Confederacy, that served a similar purpose. Most bounties were presented to a guild, unless the presenter was able to contact the hunters directly. Posted bounties would then be sent to hunters affiliated with the guild and the hunt would be on. With the exception of powerful beings like Jabba the Hutt, Prince Xizor, Darth Vader, or intermediaries like Kud'ar Mub'at, most beings contracted hunters in this manner. During the Jedi Civil War it was possible to merely walk into a bounty office and browse current bounties, as Revan did during his stay on Taris.During the Imperial Era, the Empire issued Imperial Peace-Keeping Certificates to bounty hunters. In some cases, bounty hunters were required to lodge a B23-1-14 permit in order to collect the maximum possible bounty. Depending on the jurisdiction, a person without a permit could earn a bounty, as was the norm in Lamaredd. Bounty hunters were almost always mistrusted and feared by locals around the galaxy. This was because their line of work was often very dangerous, and frightening. Many famous hunters earned reputations as fearsome as the most horrific Sith Lords and criminals. Hunters such as Calo Nord, Jango Fett, and Cad Bane became household names, though none neared the unparalleled infamy of Boba Fett. Bounty hunters were not universally reviled, however. Those who followed government regulations and targeted dangerous criminals were often seen as on the side of law enforcement. On Haruun Kal, many Balawai children revered bounty hunters as larger than life figures. Generally, bounty hunters remained neutral during times of galactic conflict. They were known to favor one side or another, although never officially joining any one group. For example, the aforementioned Calo Nord worked with the Sith during the Jedi Civil War; the Grand Champion of the Great Hunt worked the Sith Empire during the Cold War; Jango Fett worked with the Separatists prior to the Clone Wars; and Cad Bane worked with the Separatists during the Clone Wars. Boba Fett often worked for the Empire and even had a professional relationship of mutual respect with Darth Vader. The Rebel Alliance rarely dealt with bounty hunters, lacking the credits and finding the hunters' methods contradictory to their ways of battle. Most often, however, bounty hunters were hired by individuals—particularly criminals and crime lords. The Exchange, Black Sun, the Zann Consortium, and Jabba the Hutt were particularly fond of using them, both for their effectiveness and their availability.Bounty hunters were hired by the Empire, and following the Battle of Hoth in 3 ABY, a group of bounty hunters were hired to find the starship Millennium Falcon. Other bounty hunters provided information to the Empire. One particular individual provided a tip which led to a raid to find Rebel pilot Luke Skywalker.
Chief of Security was a title given to individuals responsible for the security and defense of locations that were of importance. Battlemaster Cin Drallig was the Chief of Security for the Jedi Temple on Coruscant. By 3 BBY, Captain Garazeb Orrelios served as Chief of Security for Phoenix Cell's Chopper Base on the planet Atollon. In 18 BBY, Gial Ackbar was the Chief of Security for King Lee-Char.
Chief of Security or Security Chief was a title given to individuals responsible for the security and defense of various locations.Some examples persons who held this title are as follows. During the Cold War, the commander of the Coruscant Security Force held the title of Chief of Security. In 3643 BBY the position was held by Captain Winborn. From 30 BBY to 19 BBY, Major Far'Tak JerJerod was Chief of Temple Security at the Jedi Temple. Security Chief was a position on the luxury liner the Kuari Princess. Detien Kaileel held this position during the Galactic Civil War. At some point during the Galactic Civil War, Imperial Navy Major Nar Millich also held the position of Security Chief. Lorne Prestar held the title of Chief of Security for Mos Taike. Imperial Lieutenant Suba served as chief of security aboard the Super Star Destroyer Executor. In 13 ABY Mirith Sinn was appointed Security Chief for the Imperial Palace.
A Customs Inspector, Import Inspector, or Security Inspector was a rank used by officials responsible for taxing imports. The rank was employed by Imperial Customs. Buudro held the rank of Customs Inspector.
Detectives, or investigators, were individuals who investigated criminal activity. Generally they were police officers, however, Jedi such as Tera Sinube who were able to use the Force to help piece together the crime, would assist regular police detectives with their investigations, in their capacity as a Jedi investigator. Detectives from the Coruscant Security Force would sometimes be referred to as inspectors. During the reign of the Galactic Empire, Imperial Security Bureau personnel could be assigned as investigators to investigate criminal and rebel activity, as exampled when an ISB major helped Darth Vader investigate a bombing on Coruscant when a Jedi emblem was recovered from a site in the early days of the Empire. In the Imperial Security Bureau, there was also an elevated rank of Chief Investigator. Erno, Mursey, and Shreen were detectives that worked at the Peace and Security Headquarters in Coronet City.
A detective, or investigator, was a person who investigated crimes with the intent of solving an open case. Detectives many times worked for a law enforcement agency. In the Coruscant Security Force, Detective was a rank under the Chief of Detectives. CSF police officers who held a higher rank yet still investigated cases were referred to as inspector along with their given rank.Tan DivoCorran HornJaller ObrimGwad RaatuTera SinubeChal Tozr
Droid enforcement agents were specialized law enforcement officers who dealt with droid-related crime. The agents were tasked with investigating and prosecuting any violations of the Droid Statutes.
Enforcement Guides were armed keepers of the peace on the planet Kegan, similar to Security Guides. Enforcement Guides were responsible for bringing people before the High Court.
The findsmen were a Force-sensitive—though the findsmen themselves claimed that their abilities did not stem from the Force—religious tradition of bounty hunters unique to the Gand species. The findsmen worshiped the enshrouding mists of the planet Gand, divining omens and signs in order to locate their prey. Becoming a findsman sometimes was granted to a Gand during a janwuine-jika. Findsmen could locate people, things, places, and even events by auguring signs sent to them during their mystical rituals that could take at least three hours to complete.<ref name="GG3:TESB,2">Galaxy Guide 3: The Empire Strikes Back, Second Edition</ref> Findsmen were legendary figures in Gand society, and the title had a bit of prestige outside of Gand society as well. Certain findsmen sects would instruct their apprentices to bathe in specific chemicals, or even subject them to genetic manipulation, which would cause knob-like growths to appear on portions of their exoskeletons. These serrated growths, usually located on the arms and legs and sometimes four to five centimeters in length, would then be used as weapons in hand-to-hand combat. The findsmen had developed a form of martial arts centuries ago that made use of the Gand biology. The tenets of the form were not understood, though a few moves were described; "Piercing Touch" and "Striking Mist." "Piercing Touch" was described as a powerful punch that could penetrate bone, chitin, and various armors. Ooryl Qrygg demonstrated this move on Talasea, when he punched a hole through stormtrooper armor.X-Wing: Rogue Squadron The other move, "Striking Mist," allowed the attacking Gand to sneak in close to their opponent so that the Gand's hits could not be parried or dodged. Outsiders often saw the findsman as a bizarre religious sect devoted to hunting, while the Gand themselves considered findsmen as being on the "path to truth." Findsmen were hired as security advisors, bodyguards, bounty hunters, investigators, and even assassins. The training of a findsman required devotion and study, and leaving the tradition would often be a death sentence for the wayward findsman. Members of that findsman's sect, if they were to learn of their initiate's stray from the path, were likely to deem that findsman as a rogue and kill them on sight. In 3951 BBY a group of nearly a hundred Gand bounty hunters left to temporarily settle on Nar Shaddaa in order to help find Meetra Surik at the request of G0-T0. Among their number were several findsmen, most of whom were killed by Surik and her party in the ensuing conflict. Prior to 3 ABY, the findsman tradition had started to die out, and during the Galactic Civil War, the bounty hunter Zuckuss and the pilot Ooryl Qrygg were findsmen, two of the few to leave their homeworld. AppearancesStar Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith LordsStar Wars: The Old RepublicStar Wars: The Old Republic: Rise of the Hutt CartelStar Wars: The Old Republic: Shadow of RevanStar Wars: The Old Republic: Knights of the Fallen EmpireStar Wars: The Old Republic: OnslaughtStar Wars: Tiny Death Star Of Possible Futures: The Tale of Zuckuss and 4-LOMThe Long Arm of the HuttX-Wing: Rogue SquadronX-Wing: Isard's RevengeI, JediThe New Jedi Order: Dark Tide I: Onslaught'' 
The Imperial Corrections officer commonly abbreviated as ICO was a title given to some Imperial officers who worked in the Imperial Corrections Service. Their ranks were comprised on normal Humans ranging in age from late-teens to mid-fifties. They wore face visors to protect against out lashes and had bright orange bio-gear suits in some cases which they could wear to prevent exposure to most disease and viruses.
A Judicial was a member of the Judicial Department. They served as the primary non-Jedi peace officers in the Galactic Republic. Most Judicials attended the Judicial Academy before being assigned to the Judicial Forces. With the start of the Clone Wars, the Republic formed the Grand Army of the Republic and the Republic Navy which took over the military functions performed by the Judicial Department. Many admirals, generals, and other commanders were drawn from the ranks of the Judicials. However, despite most transferring to the Republic Military, not all Judicials made the transition. Even at the peak of the Clone Wars, peace officers were still in need to establish law and order on loyal Republic worlds. They enforced Republic laws on members worlds and hyperlanes, and owing to their training, were more than capable of taking care of themselves if a suspect became violent.
The Kiffu Guardians or Guardians of Kiffu, were a group formed by the Kiffar to patrol the prison world of Kiffex and provide law enforcement on Kiffu and its sector. The Guardians were led by the Sheyf, and their ranks included that of general. Guardians wore black armor, and their insignia was a gold five-point star enclosed by a circle. It was the same symbol as Clan Vos, a prominent family which was in control of the Guardians in the years leading up to the Clone Wars.By 137 ABY, Guardians employed both blasters and stun batons. They remained neutral during the Second Imperial Civil War but by 138 ABY they refused the Sith Imperial request to establish an Imperial base on Kiffu.GrizHorseaMaritan KasAhnah RawkDroo RawkDroo's husbandTephVanlinKurlin VosQuian VosQuinlan VosPethros VosTinté VosAsanté VosZharia Vos
Master Torturer was a title given to the foremost interrogator of the Galactic Empire's Department of Punishment. As of 0 ABY, Sir Vengnar Heiff held this title.
An officer was a military class used in many organizations. Mostly, it denoted those placed in command of enlisted soldiers. Some police forces, such as the Coruscant Security Force, also used it as a low level police rank similar to that of constable.
A police officer, also referred to by the term cop, was an individual or a member of a local, planetary, or a galactic law enforcement agency who was responsible for maintaining order, enforcing laws, and investigating crimes. Police officers generally worked only as peacekeepers and investigators though at times they doubled as soldiers though soldiers would also perform peacekeeping duties as part of a militia or planetary defense force. A police officer, sometimes referred to by the term cop, was an individual responsible for maintaining order, enforcing laws, and investigating crimes. Police officers could be a simple peacekeeper in a small rural community such as the Niima Outpost on the planet Jakku, or a member of a larger law enforcement agency such as the Coruscant Security Force on the urban planet of Coruscant. Police officers could have varying titles including but not limited to Judicial, Inspector, Constable, and Sheriff. Most police officers wore uniforms of some kind and held ranks that were military in nature. Lower ranking officers would perform tasks such as patrolling their areas, responding to incidents, and conducting preliminary investigations. Higher ranking officers would supervise a group of officers, provide field reports, conduct investigations, and answered to government leaders. Serious crimes would be investigated by specialized officers such as detectives. Generally, they were experienced police officers in dealing with in depth investigations. Jedi Knights served as peacekeepers for the Galactic Republic and though they only performed those tasks and missions requested by the Supreme Chancellor and the Galactic Senate, they would also assist local police in investigations when called upon. Police officers were also a product of their environment. Some were more hardened and seasoned if they worked in areas that were especially cut throat while others became more cunning and politically adept when working in areas of higher society. With constant exposure to the criminal underworld, some police officers could become corrupt and took bribes or even actively participated in the crime itself. This depended on the society the officers worked in, how such things were viewed, and the checks and balances that were placed on the officers.
A police officer, also known as a security officer, peace officer, peacekeeper, policeman, or the slang term cop, was a person who served in a law enforcement agency and charged with enforcing the law and maintaining order.Police officers were persons who served in a law enforcement agency. They were responsible for keeping the peace and enforcing the law. The vast majority of police officers were employed by local or planetary governments though galactic governments employed police officers as well. In many instances they were a part of the local Planetary Security Forces and so served as both police and military. Depending on the local planetary customs and laws, police officers would either be little more than security monitors or brutal and corrupt oppressors of the state. Most however fell in the middle. They had the authority to investigate crime, detain suspicious persons, make arrests with sufficient evidence and use deadly force in self defense or to protect others.In many cases officers would start at a lower ranks and then later work their way up to become a supervisor or administrator. Those with experience could also become detectives. Slang terms for police officers included the terms "Cops", "Seccers", and "Boys in Blue".
Private investigators were individuals who basically did work-for-hire contract jobs for whomever could afford their prices. Work could include, but was not limited to bodyguarding, security, looking for lost items and individuals. Many who worked as P.I.'s often had a previous career in law enforcement, the military, or some kind of related security work.Slyther BushforbJax Pavan
A privateer was a legitimized pirate, a private person or starship commissioned by an authority to fight or harass enemy vessels. In the Anoat sector, the Trade Spine League was half-union, half-privateer network. Privateers were typically given authority to conduct their operations by a governmental authority against enemies deemed hostile to that authority through a letter of marque.
A privateer was a civilian ship or individual serving a governmental organization in a paramilitary role, or a member of its crew. Often basically legitimized pirates, privateers would operate under a government contract known as a letter of marque and reprisal, giving their captain authority to harass, seize and destroy the shipping of another organization—typically one that was considered an enemy in times of war. In the Galactic Civil War, the Rebel Alliance would hire a number of privateers to harass Imperial shipping, a policy supported particularly by Ral'Rai Muvunc of Ordnance and Supply. The Alliance was hesitant to use privateers, as they did not trust the mercenary nature of the groups. After some initial trials, Mon Mothma approved a procedure that allowed various Ministries to issue letters of marque with Executive approval. The relationship between the Alliance and privateers was considered to merely be one of employee and employer. The Imperials also utilized privateers, with Palpatine giving explicit permission for privateers to raid enemy shipping on his behalf, and the Imperial Military tolerated their actions in the Outer Rim so long as they did not directly interfere with the Imperials' activities. After the Battle of Endor, the use of privateers by the New Republic shrank considerably, reflecting the increased size and status of the fleet under Admiral Ackbar, who had always opposed their use. Many retired with their pardons and hoarded wealth, but some continued to raid shipping in the Outer Rim. Others joined the New Republic and continued operations against the Imperial Remnant. However, Imperial Moffs and warlords started issuing their own letters of marque, and during the crisis of the reborn Emperor, the New Republic once more made use of privateers. By 11 ABY, privateering sponsored by the New Republic, as well as by the Imperial Remnant, was nearly completely phased out.Pirates & Privateers Privateers were common in the Hapes Cluster, where they seemed to serve the interests of political factions in the Hapes Consortium. Prince Isolder famously went undercover with the crew of Corellian pirate Grov Bricker to track down Harravan, the Hapan privateer who killed his brother, Kalen. Han Solo had once operated as a privateer, including a close encounter with Hapan naval forces on the edge of the Cluster. Other governments that issued letters of marque included the Allied Tion sector and the Centrality. Some corporations also sponsored privateer-like mercenaries, including TaggeCo, Santhe/Sienar Technologies, SoroSuub Corporation, the Corporate Sector Authority and the Mining Guild.
A provost marshal was an officer in charge of military discipline within a command. The Judicial Academy of the Galactic Republic was headed by a provost marshal, and the Judicial Department as a whole also had one.
The Security Guard was a division of the Royal Naboo Security Forces stationed on the planet Naboo. They served as the planetary militia and police force.The Security Guard corps was composed of somewhere between five and six thousand men and women as of 32 BBY, though this number was commonly raised during times of tension in the Royal Court. Many Security Guards were natives of Naboo who had performed off-world military service, though it was known for nobles or businesspeople to receive martial training within the Security Guard before joining its ranks. Training was roughly similar to the galactic standard for a local police force. Security Guards commonly served as sentries and patrolmen in Theed, and the group was adept at handling riots and other civic disturbances, though military analysts did not believe the corps could defend Naboo against a military ground assault—such as that performed by the Trade Federation during the Invasion of Naboo. Security Guards commonly served fifteen standard hours a week on average, and most tended to remain with the unit for two years. They were outfitted with a yellow-and-brown armored uniform, and carried CR-2 heavy blaster pistols, though in times of peril, the guards were equipped with blaster rifles. Sometime between 32 BBY and 22 BBY, the Security Guards adopted a darker uniform.Following the assassination of King Veruna, the Security Guard quelled uprisings by elements of the Ralthar Syndicate. Prior to and during the Trade Federation invasion, the Security Guard was led by Captain Quarsh Panaka. Though unable to withstand the invasion of Naboo, the Security Guard assisted underground resistance movements, and fought in the Battle of Naboo. Two prominent guards were killed in an assassination attempt on Padmé Amidala when their ship returned with her to Coruscant for the Senate vote on the Military Creation Act. Rumors that the guard shown below standing in the ship was a suicide bomber were false, as the terrorist responsible for murdering the guards and Amidala's handmaiden Cordé was in fact bounty hunter Zam Wesell, who worked for the Confederacy of Independent Systems via fellow bounty hunter Jango Fett.
The Security Secretary was the individual of the Galactic Alliance government in charge of domestic security.
Bail bondsman, or simply bondsman, was a position held by an individual that brokered bounties. A Devaronian bail bondsman operated out of the lower levels of Coruscant during the Clone Wars. The intermediary offered jobs to bounty hunters and payed out upon their completion. Asajj Ventress accepted the bounty posting on the fugitive Padawan, Ahsoka Tano, who was framed for the bombing of the Jedi Temple hangar, from this bondsman. Later captured by Ventress, the rogue Jedi protested her, who was an infamous war criminal at the time, that she could not possibly simply deliver her to the Jedi Order. In responce, Ventress said that she could pass Ahsoka to a bondsman.
A bailiff was a role in the court system of both Veccacopia and Coruscant.
A barrister was a legal worker, a type of lawyer who specialized in giving expert legal opinions. The Vippit Doolb Snoil was a barrister.
An expeditor referred to an occupational role in which individuals facilitated a process through measures including business investigation. In 22 BBY, during the Separatist Crisis, Corporate Alliance expeditors helped uncover an illegitimate slicing operation taking place on the asteroid Yirt-4138-Grek-12. Expeditors also established connections between bounty hunters and Imperial or planetary officials.
The Holder of the Laws was an archaic title given to Wookiees on Kashyyyk who fulfilled the role of a judge. Around 3956 BBY, Worrroznor held the position within Rwookrrorro village.
Judges were individuals who presided over legal cases. Mazzum Onas was a judge on Telerath.
A judge was a legal worker, usually government-appointed, who presided over legal cases. Examples included Mavari Zudan, a Falleen judge in the service of the Galactic Alliance.
Jurisconsult was a title of legal office. One notable Jurisconsult was Temlet Dodann.
A Pleader was a legal advocate on the planet Concord Dawn assigned to represent criminals. During the early years of the Galactic Empire, Iving Creel was a famous Pleader on the planet Concord Dawn. He defended in a trial court an unrepentant Journeyman Protector, Boba Fett, going by the name Jaster Mereel, who had murdered a fellow Protector.
The Succession Judge was a role in traditional challenge by personal combat in Guiteica. The challenge included two individual fighters attacking each other with dematoils. The Succession Judge was to be a neutral observer. Each fighter was allowed to have a Defender, traditionally used to avoid uninvited interruptions of the battle, but more commonly used to verify that the battle was kept honorably.
An athlete was an individual who participated in sporting events.
An athletic director was somebody who oversaw the athletic activities, such as sports, within an organization like a school or academy. Janus Fhurek was the athletic director at the Junior Academy of Applied Sciences on Lothal. Due to the strong emphasis placed on sports, such as grav-ball, at this academy, the position carried heavy weight and influence, possibly exceeding that of even the academy's headmaster.
A bookie was an individual who took bets from gamblers for a living. The Blarina Ohn Gos worked as a podracing bookie on the planet Malastare until he was caught trying to rig a race with the podracer pilot Naka Iit.
Bookies were individuals who manage bets. Jokol was a bookie on The Wheel space station. Plummet bookies worked on Nar Shaddaa.
Comedians were entertainers who used humor to entertain audiences in venues such as nightclubs. In Tapani sector, Herglic comedians often teamed up with Mrlssi, and much of their humor derived from the differing sizes and masses of the two species. Despite being generally successful, Herglic often found the jokes to be in poor taste, while the Mrlssi found them to be amusing.
A DJ was a sentient whose occupation was to play recorded dance music at a club or party. Sometimes, specialized droids, such as R-3X, could also perform the role.
A DJ was a sentient whose occupation was to play recorded dance music at a club or party. Sometimes, specialized droids could also perform that role.
A gambler was someone who was involved in gambling. Some gamblers who owed debts to creditors sought refuge with the Gray Syndicate, which arranged for them to go into hiding for a certain fee. Lando Calrissian, the Baron Administrator of Cloud City, was a notable gambler who lost the Millennium Falcon in a sabacc game with Han Solo.
A gambler was an individual who recreationally or professionally participated in gambling. Some individuals dabbled with games of chance, while others used their talents to make a living.
A kickboxer was one that participated in kickboxing.
A masseur, or masseuse, was an individual who provided massages professionally. The Dor Namethian Lexo Sooger was the star masseur of Zord's Spa and Bathhouse located in the coastal city of Canto Bight on Cantonica.
A pit-boss was an individual who worked in a casino, overseeing the gambling tables.
The saber rakes were young nobles of the Tapani sector that were obsessed with dueling and often used lightfoils.
Saber rakes were Tapani noble youths that carried and dueled with lightfoils.A number of years succeeding the events of the Cleansing of the Nine Houses, a group of Tapani nobles from House Calipsa discovered a small cache of lightfoils that dated back to the Old Sith Wars. Lightfoils were more lightweight and balanced energy swords originally constructed by the Sith of the Mecrosa Order to rival the lightsabers of the Jedi in battle.Jedi Academy Training Manual The noblemen began sporting these elegant weapons of the past and made an incredible impression amongst the young sector nobles. Though it wasn't long before the Republic came along to confiscate them, the trend had already spread to other houses. Some of the more delinquent young nobles began wearing replica lightfoils that were not as powerful or energy-efficient as the original antiques, but just as deadly in the end. Several well-developed rivalries and feuds ended in lethal lightfoil duels, and before long, a new subclass of noble youth emerged – the saber rakes. With significant pressure, all of the noble houses agreed to ban functioning lightfoils in the sector. However, this did not stop saber rakes from wearing non-functioning ornamental lightfoils on their belts, some of which activated if a hidden button was pressed. Despite regulations, the duels continued in isolated locations agreed by both parties. Among saber rakes, it was considered in bad taste to actually kill an opponent unless the rivalry was particularly serious. Most duels were finished after the first loss of a limb, and therefore, prosthetic limbs were in great demand amid certain cliques of noble youngsters. Very few saber rakes had more than a basic knowledge of the Jedi Knights, their beliefs and practices. Despite having been banned regularly in the past by all major governments, lightfoil duels became so anchored in the noble history of the Tapani sector that the tradition, along with the saber rakes, carried on into the Imperial era of the Galactic Empire. The ISB and Ubiqtorate were naturally nervous about the sight of young influential nobles walking around with variants of the Jedi's iconic weapon and many were convinced that, by brandishing their lightfoils, the saber rakes were showing subversive support for the Jedi, while others were concerned that the craze might be used as a cover for pro-Rebel activities. Most Imperial officials, however, saw the fad for what it was; a benign infatuation with an elegant antique weapon that had a rich and regal history.Lord Alec LamereSir Ajax WennelLord Barleos
Yobana was a Twi'leki word that loosely translated as "masseuse." The Twi'lek female twins Ann and Tann Gella were enslaved beings who served in this capacity for their master, the Dug podracer Sebulba. Prior to racing in the Boonta Eve Classic, Tann and Ann provided Sebulba with a massage.
Chief Linguist was a position. At one time, it was held by Jorus Trass at the Almas Jedi Academy, who studied the Tarasin skintone language. Arner Figgis was Chief Linguist at the University of Be'nal on Issor.
Comm handler was an occupation typically held by members of the Lyunesi species. It involved acting as a translator between various languages, but also included the nuances of body language. Oph Nar Dinnid was a comm handler.
Counselors were employed by Elrood Starport Command. They were trained to talk with starship crews about uninspired or alarming vessel names; the crew of the Blind Luck had a Counselor assigned to them upon arrival at Elrood as their ship's name did not inspire confidence in the crew's competency.
Interpreter or translator was an occupation whereby an individual translated from one language into another. This role was sometimes fulfilled by translator droids or by automatic electronic translator devices.
A khipulogist was a student of khipulogy. One mostly likely dealt with translations and recording.
A translator, also known as an interpreter, was an individual who was able to translate languages. Protocol droids were able to perform this role. Translation could also be performed by devices known as electronic translators, such as translating vocoders.
Xeno-ethnologists studied alien language. The xeno-ethnologists of Coruscant had a dispute over whether the Bivalva contemplativa were actually sentient.
Xenographologists were scientists dedicated to the study of alien languages.
A xenolinguist studied alien languages. The xenolinguist Jaiyna Sibinth studied the language of Pasaana's native Aki-Aki and saw similar recurring symbols and themes to the native cultures of other desert planets, including those of Klatooine, Cona, Sriluur and Tatooine.
A xenolinguistic, also known as a xenolinguist, was a specialist in the universe's diversified languages and alphabets. Many times, having learned dozens, if not hundreds of languages based on the similarities of phonetic rhythms. A Xenolinguist was said to be more than capable of learning a new language in a day, just from exposure to beings speaking it.
An author, also known as a novelist, was an individual who wrote books. The historian Eloc Throno was the author of Traveler's Guide to Batuu and a dozen more travel guides.
Chief Reporter was a position in the journalist team of The Coruscant Holo Net during the Clone Wars. At that time, the position was held by Keets Freely.
Holoanchor or anchormanFlashpoint! Brak Sector was the title used by those beings who delivered news to the public over any broadcast system.
A holodocumentarian was an individual who created holodocumentaries. Wolam Tser, a famous holodocumentarian, was responsible for narrating the Battle of Borleias documentary, filmed by his partner, Tam Elgrin.Eru MatalisHallis SaperWolam Tser
Holographer was a profession. Holographers would specialize in capturing holographs for use in various media. One of the most famous holographers was the Rodian Bovit Leebo, who captured the well-known image of Ka'Pa the Hutt, which was featured in Riccix's Revised Basic Holodictionary. During the Galactic Civil War, Duros holographer Vendri DeRalm enjoyed exploring unspoiled worlds and became adept at at lining up the perfect shot in 2-, 3-, and 4-dimensions. After he was continually harassed by the Galactic Empire, he was recruited into the Rebel Alliance.
Holojournalism was the field of holographic news recording and broadcast and included professions such as holoanchor, holojournalist, and holographer.
A holojournalist was a journalist who reported news through holographic devices. Corwi Selgrothe served as a holojournalist for the Imperial Press Corps before joining the Rebel Alliance.
A holojournalist, one of several occupations in holojournalism, was an individual who reported holographic news and stories on the HoloNet.
A journalist or reporter was an individual who made a living reporting on news events. They usually worked for news agencies and companies like HoloNet News and the Environmental Action Gazette. One notable journalist was Anora Fair, who reported on the Antar Atrocity and later joined Berch Teller's rebel cell. The rebel Hera Syndulla later posed as a journalist working for the Gazette in order to get Skelly to tell her about the Empire's mining operations on Gorse. Tracene Kane worked as a journalist during the Galactic Civil War. Suralinda Javos was a journalist during the time of the Cold War.
A journalist or reporter was someone who reported on events for a living in the news media. These events included anything from the death of a political leader to the marriage of a Holodrama celebrity. Den Dhur and Hallis Saper were two notable journalists, and The Perre Needmo Newshour was a famous journalistic HoloNet show. Sometimes, when reporting cases of great danger, journalists were injured or killed. One journalist killed while reporting was the Devaronian female Madhi Vaandt, who in 44 ABY, reported on the killing of Octusi slaves by Mandalorian mercenaries during a slave rebellion on the planet Blaudu Sextus and was killed by Belok Rhal, the leader of the Mandalorians.
Mediacaster was a position in news journalism. The mediacaster would deliver the news and act as the public face of the media agency.
Outer Rim Correspondent was a position in the journalist team of The Coruscant Holo Net during the Clone Wars. At that time, the position was held by Endaw N'gard'm.
Senior Coruscant Correspondent was a position in the journalist team of The Coruscant Holo Net around 23 BBY. At that time, the position was held by Tho-Masfran Ciss.
Senior Reporter was a position in the journalist team of The Coruscant Holo Net during the Clone Wars. At that time, the position was held by Nik Kigee.
A Synthesizer jockey was an individual who produces music or tunes suitable for dancing.
An individual's military rank was their placement within a military hierarchy. The military forces of the Galactic Republic, the Confederacy of Independent Systems, the Chiss Ascendancy, the Galactic Empire, the Alliance to Restore the Republic, the New Republic, the First Order, and the Resistance all utilized military ranks in their hierarchy. The Republic Military during the Clone Wars consisted of millions of clone troopers, genetically identical troopers bred to serve the Republic. Clone troopers within the Grand Army of the Republic had the ranks of, from highest to lowest, Clone Marshal Commander, Clone Commander, Clone Captain, Clone Lieutenant, and Clone Sergeant. Non-clone individuals such as Jedi serving the Galactic Republic's Army and Navy had the ranks of Captain, Commander, such as Ahsoka Tano, Colonel, such as Meebur Gascon, Admiral, such as Wullf Yularen, and General, such as Jedi Master Pong Krell.The Confederacy military was made of the Separatist Droid Army and the Confederacy navy, which were led by Count Dooku, the Separatist Council and Grievous. The Separatist Army was almost completely made of droids, which consisted of droid soldiers of the Techno Union, the Commerce Guild, and the Trade Federation. Military ranks used for biological beings in the Separatist Droid Army were the ranks of Captain, Commander, Colonel, and General. One of the most infamous Confederate Generals was the cyborg Grievous. The Separatist Navy used the military ranks of Captain, Commander, and Admiral. One known admiral in the CIS Navy was Admiral Trench. The Imperial Navy's officer corps had several ranks. From lowest to highest, they were: Ensign, Junior Lieutenant, Senior Lieutenant, Captain, Lieutenant Commander, Commander, Commodore, Rear Admiral, Vice Admiral, Admiral, Fleet Admiral, and Grand Admiral. Commissioned officers were trained at the Royal Imperial Academy on Coruscant and other similar Imperial Academies. Some known ranks in the Imperial Army included Corporal, Sergeant, Staff Sergeant,Aftermath: Empire's End First Sergeant,Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide Sergeant Major,Servants of the Empire: The Secret Academy Lieutenant, Commandant, Commander, Major, Lieutenant Colonel,Lords of the Sith Colonel, Brigadier General,Star Wars: Complete Locations General, and Grand General. The First Order navy and army had a ranking system with the insignia worn on the left sleeve of the uniform, unlike its predecessor, the Galactic Empire. Squad leaders and Sergeants wore black uniforms, Lieutenants and Captains wore light gray, and Majors and Colonels wore teal, while General officers wore charcoal gray uniforms. Officers of the Resistance wore Resistance rank badges on their left chest to distinguish their ranks. The Resistance army was distinguished by red badges and composed of six different ranks: The Lieutenant, Captain, Major, Commander, Colonel, and most importantly, the General rank, held by Leia Organa. The Resistance navy had the same ranking system as the Resistance army, with badges blue in color as opposed to red. the General rank being replaced by the Admiral rank, which was held by Gial Ackbar, and the addition of the lieutenant commander rank, held by Nien Nunb.
The military rank was the established order of commanding responsibility between the officers of a military force.The ranks held by members of the Galactic Republic Military varied by era, for instance, during the Old Sith Wars the rank of Captain, or more accurately Fleet Captain was used to refer to Admirals. Commander was given as a general title reflecting someone in command but not as a specific rank. Also, due to the diversity of the members of the military, regulations specified that any personnel of higher rank than oneself, regardless of the species, gender or position was to be addressed as "sir". The military answered ultimately to the Supreme Chancellor and the Galactic Senate. Though the Republic Army and Republic Navy had similar ranks, there were some variations. During the New Sith Wars, the Republic Army was briefly reorganized as the Army of Light with a Jedi Lord in command. After the Ruusan Reformation the Republic Military was officially disbanded. The Judicial Department's Forces became the Republic's main fighting force. The ranks of the Judicials were very basic and the force itself was relatively small as they depended on the support of the Planetary Security Forces which had widely varying ranks. With the eruption of the Clone Wars the Republic created a new military. The Judicial Forces became a part of the new Republic Navy. The army of clones secretly created on Kamino became the backbone of the Grand Army of the Republic. The separate Republic Starfighter Corps and Special Operations Brigade were also added. The Jedi Order took command of the military coordinated by the Jedi Command and under the supervision of the Senate. Along with Jedi Commanders, clones with special training were given ranks of Commander to assist in leading the army. Later, Supreme Chancellor Palpatine was given ultimate command as the Supreme Commander. Confederacy of Independent SystemsThe highest rank in the Separatist Droid Army and the Confederate Navy was that of Supreme Commander, held by Grievous, who was also given the rank of General. Alliance to Restore the RepublicThe highest rank in the Alliance Military was Commander-in-Chief, while in the Army it was General. Seven known Rebel generals were Roons Sewell, Han Solo, Jan Dodonna, Lando Calrissian, Carlist Rieekan, Crix Madine and Rahm Kota. The title of Supreme Commander was given to the head of the Alliance Fleet—such as Gial Ackbar—or to the overall leader of the Alliance—Mon Mothma. This title remained in use in the Alliance of Free Planets, the New Republic and the Galactic Federation of Free Alliances. Galactic EmpireWith the founding of the Galactic Empire, the Republic Military became the Imperial Military with ground forces being divided between the Imperial Army and the Stormtrooper Corps. The highest rank in the Imperial Military was Military Executor/Supreme Commander, Grand General in the Imperial Army, and Grand Admiral in the Imperial Navy. Malcor Brashin was a notable Imperial Grand General and Mitth'raw'nuruodo (Thrawn), Gilad Pellaeon and Morlish Veed are examples of famous Grand Admirals. In the Imperial Remnant and the later Galactic Empire, Grand Moff was the highest rank.
Rank insignia plaques, also referred to as rank pins, were badges used in the military forces of Sheev Palpatine's Galactic Empire as a means to indicate and distinguish officer ranks. They were originally used by Republic officers during the Clone Wars, when Palpatine was still Chancellor of the Galactic Republic. The plaque, which was worn on the left side of the regulation tunic over the heart, consisted of translucent, colored rectangular tiles mounted on a metal bar. Those plaques could comprise one or two rows of tiles mounted on top of another. Double-row plaques were made from two separate parts of one row each, rather than two rows of caps on a single backing piece. The different types of tiles came in blue, red, gold yellow, and grey. Rank plaques could be encoded with information readable by devices such as electronic locks. Members of media organizations such as the Imperial Press Corps wore Imperial media badges.As exemplified by Wullf Yularen, Shoan Kilian, Barton Coburn, and Wilhuff Tarkin, a fleet admiral wore an insignia that bore three red tiles on the top bar and two blue tiles on the bottom bar. Many clone navigation officers, some of whom held the rank of captain, wore a single-rowed plaque, with two red and one blue tiles (from left to right). Some clone troopers at the rank of corporal wore a single-rowed plaque of one blue tile followed by two red. Although the designs of the Republic plaques remained in use for a brief period after the rise of the Empire, new designs were soon made. However, these designs were sector-specific, which created a jumble of non-uniform markings. Rank plaques weren't just worn by officers, but also by Imperial Navy Troopers and even members of the Stormtrooper Corps such as Snowtroopers. While it was theoretically possible to put a comlink in an Imperial rank plaque by hollowing out the tiles from behind, there was not enough room for all the encryption chips and a proper battery fit for long-range use. However, it was possible to put a functional beckon call into a rank plaque. The rank of ensign was shown by one red square over one blue, and that of Junior Lieutenant by two red squares over two blue, or a row of two blue squares. A standard lieutenant was also shown by two red squares over two blue. Alternatively, a single row of three, four or six blue squares could be used, or a single row of two red squares followed by one blue (which also denoted a Second Lieutenant). The rank of captain, or commandant for those commanding academies, was signified by three red squares over three blue. A captain could also wear a row of six yellow squares, three red squares followed by one blue, or three blue squares followed by two red. A commander also wore a plaque with three red over three blue, or a line of two red squares, or a line of four blue followed by two red. Chiefs wore a plaque of four yellow squares followed by two red or three blue followed by two red. A major, a colonel and a commodore were all shown by four red squares over four blue, along with the rank of general, although in this case the squares were spaced out further than other ranks. A general could also be shown by six blue squares over six red, a line of six red squares, or four yellow squares followed by two red. An Imperial Vice Admiral wore a rank plaque depicting five red squares over five blue. An admiral was shown by six red squares over six blue, or a single row of either four red squares followed by two yellow, two blue squares followed by four red, or a row of six blue squares. Both Grand Admiral and Grand General bore a plaque with three blue squares followed by three yellow, over trios of blue and red.Both lieutenants and majors of the Imperial Security Bureau had two red squares over two blue on their plaques. A loyalty officer featured a plaque bearing one blue square followed by three red ones. Agents of the ISB wore either two blue squares next to one grey and one red, or at a higher level three blue squares next to two yellow ones. An ISB Inspector General wore a plaque with three red followed by one blue, and a colonel wore a plaque with three red squares followed by three blue ones. An admiral, as with the regular military, was six red over six blue. A Lieutenant Commander in the Imperial Military Department of Advanced Weapons Research division of the ISB wore a plaque with a row of six red squares. A director in Advanced Weapons Research wore six red squares over six blue. A scientist in Project Celestial Power, which existed within Advanced Weapons Research's Tarkin Initiative, wore a plaque with four yellow squares followed by one red.An inspector in the Inspectorate wore a plaque with three red squares over three blue, and a Captain-Inspector had a plaque of three red squares followed by one blue.A Moff's plaque had five blue squares over three red and two yellow. A Grand Moff had six blue squares over trios of red and yellow, as was a governor's.
Rank insignia plaques were a system of badges used to indicate and distinguish officer rank within the forces of the Galactic Empire. It was not restricted to the Imperial Military during the time of the New Order. Political organizations such as COMPNOR also made use of this system. Rank insignia plaques were also used by the Galactic Republic in the last years of the Clone Wars.A rank plaque consisted of a rectangular metal chrome plate fitted with raised colored squares. It was designed to be worn on the top left torso region of Imperial service uniforms, dress uniforms and even on battle armor. If an officer's function demanded code cylinders (containing encrypted data and high level access codes), they were worn on either side of the rank plaque. As code cylinders indicated importance, they were sometimes referred to as “rank cylinders”. The colored squares of rank plaques were typically red, blue or gold, and arranged in single or double rows. Very low ranking officers, like Imperial Academy cadets, were commonly fitted with only a single colored square, while top ranking officers, like Grand Moffs, displayed up to 12 squares. These plaques were also used in the Republic Navy. Because of the colorful display, fellow servicemen could easily recognize rank from a distance. There were many similarities among the rank plaque designs of the Imperial Navy, the Imperial Army, and the Imperial Stormtrooper Corps. For instance, all three military branches had lieutenants displaying their rank with two red squares next to 1 blue squares. There were also many sub-branches, specialized units and divisions within the imperial military. Many of these deviated from the mainstream double rowed, red and blue rank insignia. The majority of the alternate rank displays were arranged in single rows. It was not uncommon to see Imperial Navy, Army and Stormtrooper officers wearing single rowed rank plaques. ISB officers of COMPNOR also made use of single rowed rank plaques. There have also been alterations to the plaque, such as in the immediate aftermath of the Battle of Yavin, where a temporary ranking system was implemented until the Imperial Military was reorganized as a result of the events of the Battle of Yavin. The Stormtrooper Corps do not generally wear rank insignia plaques while on field duty and instead have their officers during those times wear either specialized markings on the armor itself or otherwise wear special pauldrons indicating their command rank, with one of the few exceptions to the rule being Cold assault stormtroopers, who wear rank insignia plaques on the breastplate indicating their rank.Imperial NavyThe Imperial Navy utilized plaques to signify their rank, which typically involved red and blue squares, on the top and bottom of the plaque, respectively, as well as code cylinders. The specialist officers had their own variants, although the specific rank is different, and the code cylinders, unlike the formal positions and/or line officers, solely served as a decorative purpose. Although they are generally absolute, the extent of relationship between a position and rank has at times varied. In general, there were three different categories for Imperial ranks: Position, which dealt with current assignments to a specific ship or unit; Line ranks, held by line officers or the men who command the bridge crew, captain ships, and hoist their flag over fleets; and specialist ranks, for personnel of the Flight, Support, and Engineering branches. The line rank and position generally shared the same placard, but the specialist ranks had their own plaques. Midshipmen were the lowest position within the Imperial Navy, and were known to hold the rank of Ensign in line ranks. They held two squares. The position of Lieutenant was held by all but the commanding officer of the ship, regardless of rank, and the ranks included in the position included Junior Lieutenant, Senior Lieutenant, Junior Commander, and to some extent Senior Commander. They held 3 squares as well as one code cylinder. The position of Captain was always held by the commanding officer of an individual ship, which was held by Captains or Senior Captains and, to some extent, Senior Commanders. In addition, Senior Captains also commanded small groups of ships composed of escorts or light cruisers, groups small enough to not qualify under the squadron level. They held six squares and, depending on the specific relationship between the position and rank, can hold one or two code cylinders. The plaque itself also is shared to some extent with the position of Admiral, Commodore, or Commander. The position of Admiral, or more specifically System Admiral, is shared with the positions of Commodore and Commander, and were generally held for the System Forces of the Imperial Navy. These positions are technically different from a squadron commander due to the System Forces being ranked between a Fleet and a Squadron (the latter being the main practical sub-unit of the former). However, as most of the System Forces in practice contained only one squadron, the System Admiral and the Squadron Commander was often the same officer. Commanders, in addition, were an unofficial way of addressing the Admiral, the official position of the squadron. Because of the narrow view, it shared Captain placard and its higher rank of Fleet Admiral, in addition to its own plaque, which is itself composed of eight squares and two code cylinders. The line rank equivalents were the Senior Captain (to some extent), the Rear Admiral, and the Vice-Admiral (to some extent). The Fleet Admiral commanded a fleet, and is usually the senior officer of a sector. It shared the line ranks of Vice Admiral and Admiral, which was composed of ten squares and three code cylinders. The High Admiral was an honorary position within the fleet, alongside the higher up Warlord, and were often held by either Grand Admirals or Moffs. The High Admiral had twelve squares, as well as four code cylinders, and shared its rank with Admiral. The specialist ranks were for personnel of the three primary branches within the Imperial Navy: The Flight Branch, the Support Branch, and the Engineering Branch, and held a similar ranking system to that of the Imperial Army. The very few promoted beyond General were promoted into the line at the ranks of vice admiral, although they generally retained the honorific branch titles of air marshal, war commissar, and master engineer. Their ranks, besides General, included Colonel, Major, Commander, Captain, Lieutenant, and Officer, which were the equivalent of Rear Admiral, Senior Captain, Senior Cmdr., Junior Cmdr., Senior Lt., Junior Lt., and Ensign, respectively. For the junior ranks of Captain and lower, their titles were also prefixed, depending on the specific branch they belonged to, by flight, support, or engineering, with Flight Branch pilots also having their own positional titles: Squadron Leader, Wing Commander, and Group Captain. Besides the above, specialist officers also possessed additional key code cylinders depending on their duties: Generals with large base or project commands often received code cylinders of a squadron or fleet commander, and TIE squadron leaders, namely Flight Captains, featured the insignia of a ship's captain, as fighter units are considered the equivalent of a small ship command. The specialist officers plaques, in order from Officer to General, included four squares, four squares plus two code cylinders, six squares, six squares plus two code cylinders, eight squares plus one code cylinder, eight squares plus two code cylinders, and four vertical pairs of squares separated from each other plus one code cylinder. Although the code cylinders of the specialists in the Imperial Navy served no purpose other than decoration, the line ranks and positions featured an additional use for them: besides relating to their fleet responsibilities, the code cylinders were designed to regulate computer usage aboard Imperial Navy vessels. They were not usually worn when off-duty, and new code cylinders were assigned with every new assignment.The position of High General was indicated by a single strip of six red squares and three code cylinders, although it sometimes was shown as having the same colors as a Colonel and a standard General. A Chief in the Imperial Army had four gold squares on the right, and two red squares on the left, with two code cylinders., while a standard general, sometimes, depicted as a full set of six gold squares, although it sometimes was also the rank of a captain.The rank of Commander for the Stormtrooper Corps, when in officer uniform, was indicated by four blue squares on the left and two red squares on the right, with two cylinders.Over a hundred years after the death of Emperor Palpatine, under the Fel Empire and later during the Darth Krayt Galactic Empire and the Empire-in-exile, rank plaques of similar design were still in use. At this time the Imperial forces wore the insignia on the top center torso region and alternately on the collar of uniform.
Rebel command insignia, were badges of military rank used by officers of the rebellion and later by the Alliance to Restore the Republic's military. Inherited from the Alderaan military, they consisted of pips arranged on a brushed-metal backing. For example, the insignia of a captain comprised two equally sized dots centered on the same vertical line, as exemplified by Captain Hera Syndulla of the rebellion, and Captain Cassian Andor of the Alliance. The Alliance generals Dodonna, Willard, Draven, and Rieekan all wore a badge with five dots arranged in a quincunx. As a commander, Luke Skywalker wore a 3-blue rank badge with the double-dot row at the bottom. Major Bren Derlin's badge had three red dots arranged with two on the top row, and the remainder below and between them.  Badge  Rank   --> General   --> Colonel   --> Commander   --> Major   --> Captain   --> Lieutenant
Rebel command insignia, also known as Rebel Rank InsigniaThe Rebel Alliance Sourcebook, Second Edition and simply command insignia, were badges of military rank used by officers of the Rebel Alliance military and the later New Republic military. The badges utilized by the Alliance members at the Battle of Yavin and the Battle of Hoth consisted of a series of colored pips that were raised from the surface of a square chrome plaque. These badges were usually worn over the right breast of the service uniform. Starfighter pilots were sometimes seen wearing metal or cloth badges of similar design on their shoulders instead. Parallel to these most distinctive Alliance rank insignias were a totally different style of chest and collar insignia. These insignia were grey, metallic and technical in appearance, and were seen worn by some Army and Special Forces officers.The Alliance was in its early years spread across the galaxy and consisted of more or less independent cells. This meant that uniforms, equipment and rank insignias were hard to standardize. Much of the equipment used by the Alliance was donated or by other means acquired from various civil and military organizations. The planet of Alderaan and the Royal House of Alderaan were notable contributors to the rebellion. Many Alliance officers and troopers could be seen wearing the distinct uniforms and rank insignias of Alderaanian forces, even though they were not commanded or lead by Alderaan. After the Destruction of Alderaan, or perhaps because of it, many units of the Alliance and later the New Republic seemed to favor Alderaanian style rank plaques. Seen across the galaxy and across units, some differences in design and color were present. Even the number of colored pips symbolizing a specific rank could vary from unit to unit. There were many consistencies though. Army and Starfighter officers mostly wore red or golden pips in their insignia, while fleet officers mostly wore blue pips. The general and admiral rank was also mostly shown by 5 pips. The commander rank was mostly shown with 3 pips. A captain could wear insignia with the number of pips ranging from 2 to 5. It must be taken take into account that the Alliance, like many other militaries, had a wide range of ranks and functions that could be addressed, regardless of the true rank, as admiral/general, commander or captain. {| |-|align="center"||align="center"||align="center"||-|align="center"||align="center"||align="center"||-|align="center"||align="center"||align="center"||} {| ! Star Wars: X-wing !! Star Wars: X-wing Alliance|-|align="center"| |align="center"| |-|align="center"| |align="center"| |-|align="center"| |align="center"| |-|align="center"| |align="center"| |-|align="center"| |align="center"| |-|align="center"| |align="center"| |-|align="center"||align="center"| |-|align="center"||align="center"| |-|align="center"||align="center"| |}Rank Insignia displayed in the Rebel Alliance Sourcebook:Many of the Rebel soldiers stationed at Echo Base on Hoth wore cloth grid patterned patches on their right shoulders. These patches were colored differently from person to person, but the majority of the infantry troops as well as the indoor technicians wore the same patches. It is possible that these patches were a form of rank insignia. Mostly it was personnel of lower rank who wore this kind of insignia instead of the officers' normal metal chrome plaques. But as exceptions to the rule there were a few officers, even Commander Luke Skywalker, who wore them. Skywalker was the only officer who wore both the standard officer's insignia in conjunction with the cloth sleeve patch.{| |-|align="center"| |align="center"| |align="center"| |-|align="center"| |align="center"| |align="center"| |}
Resistance rank badges were insignia of military rank used by officers of the Resistance. They consisted in a gray rectangular badge with markings. Said markings were red for army personnel, and blue for navy. Although she was a Resistance general, Leia Organa wore a rank-free vest. In addition to rank badges, Resistance command officers wore brown-colored uniforms with repurposed Rebel Alliance starbirds on their left shoulder, while the medical services wore a darker variant with a medical services armband. Ground Logistics Division controllers wore large, faded-yellow utilitarian working jackets while junior controllers and lead dispatchers wore variations on the brown-colored officer's uniform.  Army  Navy   --> General   --> Admiral   --> Colonel   --> Colonel   --> Commander   --> Commander   --> Major   --> Major   --> Captain   --> Captain   --> Lieutenant   --> Lieutenant
An Adacap was the title of a leader of a fleet in the Blazing Chain Force-based organizations.
Adjutant General was a military rank used by the Galactic Republic. Wilhuff Tarkin had become the adjutant general of the Republic Navy by the end of the Clone Wars.
An adjutant was a military officer appointed as an assistant to a more senior officer.Ssssk! and Captain Sandrex Olotho were both adjutants for the Galactic Empire, and Vora Anjek served the Chirq Council as one.
Admiral was a senior command rank in many navies, including those of the Galactic Republic, the Galactic Empire, the Confederacy of Independent Systems, the Chiss Ascendancy, the Alliance to Restore the Republic, the First Order, the New Republic, and the Resistance. Like the flag rank of General, there were different grades for Admiral, denoting seniority and position in a fleet. In the Galactic Empire, the ranks were as followed (from highest rank to lowest): Grand Admiral, Fleet Admiral, Admiral, Vice Admiral, and Rear Admiral. Below the different admiral ranks was Commodore. The position of sector admiral also existed.
Admiral of the Coreworlds was a rank reserved for those admirals in charge of their respective Core Worlds planetary navies. Since these admirals were in service to their own respective governments their authority extended only to ships operating within their local sectors. It was not uncommon for some Republic admirals to declare that they had no homeworld in order to avoid this position, such that they could continue to serve in the Republic Navy and compete for the rank of Admiral of the Fleet.
Admiral of the Fleet was a rank in the Imperial Navy of the Galactic Empire. The Admiralty's Fleet Command branch had authority over most of the Navy personnel, which ranged from the lowest recruit, to the Admiral of the Fleet.
The rank of Admiral of the Fleet was held by naval commanders at several points in history.The commander of the Republic Navy held this rank during the Mandalorian Wars. The Admiral was based on Coruscant. The position was possibly the head of the Admiralty. During the Galactic Civil War, the rank was borne by the Mon Calamari Gial Ackbar, denoting his position as senior Admiral and Supreme Commander of the Fleet under the Rebel AllianceThe Rebel Alliance Sourcebook, Second Edition and New Republic. When the Sullustan Sien Sovv replaced Ackbar as Supreme Commander in around 25 ABY, he adopted the title Fleet Admiral instead. By 29 ABY, the title had also been awarded to at least one other senior flag officer, the Bothan Admiral Traest Kre'fey. New Republic Fleet Admirals were apparently distinguished by having the hulls of their flagships painted pure white. It is not clear if the Galactic Alliance retained a comparable rank after the end of the Yuuzhan Vong War.
The title of admiral was a senior command rank in many navies and starfleets. Admirals, also known generally as flag officers, were typically responsible for a high level military command at battle group or fleet level, and/or for administrative and political duties relating to naval operations. Most navies made use of various grades of admiral, with the basic hierarchy of Rear Admiral, Vice Admiral and full admiral seemingly almost universal. Below rear-admiral, the position of commodore was often regarded as a junior flag rank, and at least one instance of a Brevet Admiral is known. Some navies also had superior flag ranks above full Admiral, such as the Admiral of the Fleet in the Rebel Alliance and New Republic, and Grand Admirals under the Galactic Empire and the Galactic Alliance.A number of Admirals were known to have served the Galactic Republic in the fortieth century BBY, during the Mandalorian Wars and the Jedi Civil War, but the use of the title seems to have been reasonably restricted: in the Great Sith War, the main Republic fleet had been commanded by Captain Orley Vanicus, and captains like Saul Karath continued to serve subsequently as battle group commanders. Little is known about flag ranks in the subsequent millennia of Old Republic history, and during the Clone Wars, captains like Gilad Pellaeon and Sagoro Autem were once again found as squadron and fleet commanders. However, a few admirals were known to have held field commands, such as Arikakon Baraka, a Mon Calamari who commanded the supercruiser Nexu, and the Sakiyan Tarnese Bleyd, who commanded at Drongar. Curiously, whereas Pellaeon and Autem commanded significant task forces of capital ships, these admirals apparently had only their own command ships and attached surface units under their authority, but it may be significant that both Bleyd and Baraka seem to have had no Jedi Generals in their chain of command, and were thus the ultimate authority for the clone troopers of their commands. Other flag officers held high positions on Coruscant, a situation that perhaps predated the Clone Wars, and indeed may have continued from before the Ruusan Reformation. An admiral named Jerjerrod is recorded serving at Naval Command, while an Admiral Kiner is named as the Republic's last important counter-espionage expert before its security and spying networks were amalgamated into Imperial Intelligence. Ronnan Tyla Vedij may likewise have reached flag rank under the Republic rather than the New Order.Under the Rebel Alliance, each battle line was commanded by a Line Admiral: the only two officers who can be said to have held a different level of flag rank are Gial Ackbar, styled "Admiral of the Fleet" as the Alliance's overall naval commander, and the Quarren Wirriz, who is known to have held the rank of vice admiral. Wirriz's rank probably indicates the use of the standard three-tier structure of flag ranks within Alliance forces, but in the absence of further proof, other interpretations remain possible: for instance, the title of Vice Admiral might have been accorded to the naval second-in-command, with all further flag officers being line admirals. Under the New Republic, the ranks of commodore, rear admiral and vice admiral are recorded explicitly, and it is likely that full admirals also existed, although the more ambiguous range of meaning of the simple term admiral means that conclusive evidence is lacking. Thus, while it is known that an admiral was graded 'C-1' and regarded as equivalent to a general in the chain of command, it may be that this definition in fact extended to all New Republic flag officers. Strictly speaking, there is only actually evidence for a rank of "Vice Admiral (retired)", held by the veteran Bothan commander Kursk Mal'ia, after he stood down from active duty. This could have been an honorary appointment granted at the end of a career, and as with the Rebellion, it cannot ultimately be ruled out that all active-duty "admirals" in the New Republic were, in fact, basically rear admirals. At the head of the New Republic fleet hierarchy, the style "Admiral of the Fleet" remained Ackbar's unique prerogative, reflecting his decades of service as Supreme Commander. Perhaps in respect of Ackbar's reputation, his successor Sien Sovv opted to use the title Fleet Admiral instead, which was awarded to at least one other admiral serving alongside him during the Yuuzhan Vong War, the Bothan Traest Kre'fey.In the Imperial Navy, to cope with the immense expansion in the size of the fleet, a number of additional flag ranks were created within the Sector Group hierarchy. A simple style of admiral denoted the lowest of these grades, indicating command of a squadron of capital ships, and a rank not markedly higher than Captain of the Line. Above this came a hierarchy of Systems Admirals and Fleet Admirals under the High Admiral of the Sector, usually a Moff. In some cases within the context of Imperial Admirals, the term "admiral" can also be used as a general term for various Admirals even if their actual rank was higher than the simple style. An admiral in the Imperial Navy commanded ten times as many forces as an admiral of the same rank did under the Galactic Republic. The Empire also retained a normal hierarchy of rear admirals, vice admirals, and full admirals, but the exact relationship of these ranks to the Sector Group titles is unclear. What is known for sure is that Michael Unther, having previously served as a fleet admiral or even a High Admiral, was subsequently promoted to rear admiral, normally the most junior substantive flag rank. It is possible that many Sector Group Admirals may have been little more than senior captains, in a system perhaps connected with the unusual usage of the title of commander recorded in the Imperial Navy. Although most promotions to Admiral were treated as an honor, admirals who were promoted aboard and assigned to the Star Dreadnought Executor were an exception, with many of its junior officers forming betting pools on its admiral's life expectancy due to the vessel's infamous reputation as the Imperial enforcer Darth Vader's flagship and its various admirals suffering from summary execution from failure as a result. In 2 BBY, a rank of Grand Admiral was created, ranking above all other Imperial flag officers, but shortly before the Battle of Endor, Lord Darth Vader was appointed Supreme Commander.In the Confederation during the Second Galactic Civil War, the military forces were led by people holding the rank of Admiral. The most notable of these was Wedge Antilles, who briefly commanded the Corellian forces until breaking with the government in the aftermath of their attempted assassination of Tenel Ka Djo.RankInsigniaAdmiralalign="center"-CommodoreBrevet AdmiralRear AdmiralVice AdmiralFleet AdmiralHigh AdmiralGrand AdmiralSystems AdmiralSupreme AdmiralLord High AdmiralPrince-AdmiralAdmiral of the FleetSupreme Commander
Aerospace group commander was a title that could be held by individuals aboard Imperial-class Star Destroyers. Gareth Agamar held the position while serving about the Star Destroyer Mercurial.
Agent was a title or rank given to members of organizations who conducted operations. High-ranking Imperial Security Bureau agents like Kallus had the privilege to command stormtrooper squads, override orders of civilian and military authorities, break standard Imperial rules, replace suspicious Imperial officers, and take control of military vehicles and vessels, even Star Destroyers if necessary. Members of Inferno Squad, led by Commander Iden Versio, were also ranked as agents. The term "agent" was also used by the Alliance to Restore the Republic for leaders of private enterprises (smugglers, private businessmen, etc.) who worked cooperatively with the Alliance and could command small rebel cells for localized anti-Imperial operations.
Agent was a rank to denote an operative with an organization.During the Cold War, several agents with the Coruscant Security Force assisted the Republic in tracking down the missing plans to the Planet Prison and its designer, Doctor Tarnis. Agent was also a rank in the Republic Strategic Information Service. Above agents were Special Agents. The Republic Treasury used the rank for members of the Republic Treasury Audit Division. In the Imperial Security Bureau notable holders of the rank included Cladus Glynn, Breezer Nos-Carron, Dagnian Sark, and Elena Shelvay. The rank of agent was also held within the New Republic. Trask Lucan was one of the New Republic agents.
Air Commodore was a title held by the Utai Senin Vant, who led the Utapau Skyforce—planetary defense force of the Utai and Pau'an homeworld Utapau—during the Clone Wars.
Air Commodore was a rank in the Utapau Skyforce. Senin Vant held this rank during the Clone Wars.
Allegiant General was a rank in the First Order military that was held by Enric Pryde during the war between the First Order and the Resistance. The rank was equivalent to that of a Grand Marshal, in that the holder commanded both ground and space-based military forces. General Armitage Hux believed that Supreme Leader Kylo Ren had promoted Pryde to allegiant general as a way to mock him, and also believed that all officers and stormtroopers present on the bridge of the Resurgent-class Star Destroyer Steadfast knew it as well.
Authority Officers were the members of the Indu Council's security force, the Council Authority. They were responsible for protecting and maintaining order within the Council. One Authority Officer, Kaleb Darme, was responsible for the assassination of chief councillor Shek Barayel and the subsequent murder of his aide, Tev Aden.
Beast-Lord was the title given to the rulers of the Beast Riders and Untamed of Onderon.The Beast-Lord Kinch Sunka led the first attack on Iziz, the capital of Onderon, bringing the planet into a permanent war. The most famous Beast-Lord was Oron Kira, who married Princess Galia of Iziz and united the people of Onderon. After the Untamed seized the Ancient Proving Grounds from the Sith, they used the site for trials of Beast Riders interested in advancing to Beast-Lords. The Untamed's Beast-Lord Brutann was a Sith of the reconstituted Sith Empire, during the Cold War, who was killed in the ice planet Hoth. His brother, Beast-Lord Akoru, led the Untamed on their homeworld.
Bombad General was a rank in the Gungan Grand Army during the Invasion of Naboo. Jar Jar Binks was appointed to this position by Boss Nass shortly prior to the Battle of Naboo.
Bombad General was a high rank in the Gungan Grand Army on the planet Naboo. Since the word bombad seems to have been a superlative, as in the phrase "Yousa guys bombad!", it seems that this position may have outranked the ordinary General grade held by senior warriors like Tobler Ceel, and it may even have been a commander-in-chief position; the Imperial rank of Grand General may offer a close semantic parallel. Shortly before the Battle of Grassy Plains in 32 BBY, the grade of Bombad General was awarded to Jar Jar Binks for his role in uniting the Gungans and Naboo against an invasion by the Trade Federation, although Jar Jar ended up fainting in shock and horror at the promotion, to Boss Nass's amusement.
Bosuns were officers aboard starships. One such individual served aboard the Tantive IV during the secret mission to Tatooine.
Bosun was the informal name attributed to a ship officer in charge of maintaining maximum efficiency of the bridge systems of a capital ship. Bosuns were also called upon to aid in more general duties, such as directing loadlifters. A bosun was attributed the rank of Chief Petty Officer (CPO). The Galactic Republic, the Galactic Empire and the Alliance to Restore the Republic all employed bosuns aboard starships.
The commission of Brevet was accorded to officers who had been appointed to serve as a military officer in a—usually higher and often temporary—rank without a confirmed promotion to the specified rank.As a lieutenant with the New Republic, Myn Donos rose rapidly through starfighter pilot training and was given command of Talon Squadron upon graduation, with the brevet rank of captain over the training squadron. The rank was removed when he was reassigned after the loss of his squadron at the Ambush at Gravan Seven. The only Brevet Admiral specifically known by that title was Glie'oleg Kru, who commanded the Bothan Assault Cruiser Champion until its destruction during the Battle of Kalarba, early in the Yuuzhan Vong invasion. However, it appears that a similar position had also been used by the Imperial Navy, as Michael Unther had been the Admiral of a Sector Fleet prior to his promotion to the rank of Rear Admiral, which was almost certainly the lowest substantive flag rank in the hierarchy. Under both the New Order and the New Republic, these brevet ranks were used when it was necessary to rapidly create new squadrons and local commands; under the New Order, such promotions may also have served to even out the inequalities within Sector Group command structure, since it would have been somewhat absurd for every backwater sector with only a couple of Star Destroyers to be accorded the same amount of senior Naval commanders as more significant Sectors where even third-tier subordinate commands were larger.
The rank of Brigadier or Brigadier General was a senior rank in some military organizations, typically a junior or quasi General rank, senior to a Colonel but below a Major General. It should be stressed that officers with the rank of Brigadier did not necessarily command Brigades, but brigade commanders could be referred to as "brigadier", even if they held a different rank.The earliest direct evidence for the rank of Brigadier dates from around the time of the Clone Wars, when it was borne by officers like Locus Geen, who led ground forces during the Coruscant Insurrection, and Gideon Tarkin, a member of a military family from Eriadu whose brother Wilhuff later became the feared Imperial Grand Moff of the Outland Regions. Little is known of the exact significance of the rank of Brigadier at this time, but it seems that it was confined to the non-clone units which came to augment the original Grand Army of the Republic over the course of the war, and Brigadier Tarkin is recorded as already holding his rank on his homeworld shortly before the Military Creation Act, making it probable (though not quite certain) that a rank of Brigadier was already in use with locally-based military forces within Republic space before the outbreak of the war. Under the Empire, there are very few references to a rank of Brigadier, with the position of High Colonel being somewhat analogous. However, at least one officer bearing this title is known, Brigadier Nevar, who was aboard the AT-AT walker Blizzard 2 at the Battle of Hoth, and apparently assassinated shortly before it was destroyed by the snowspeeders of the Rebel Alliance. In the New Republic, the rank of Brigadier was used within the military-style rank hierarchy of New Republic Intelligence, even though NRI is not known to have contained units designated as Brigades, or indeed to have had any higher hierarchy of general ranks. Brigadiers in Intelligence included Collomus, Colin Darkmere and former front-line soldier Bren Derlin. The Dornean naval commander Etahn A'baht is said to have held a rank of "Brigadier General" in New Republic service in 26 ABY, being addressed as "General A'baht" or "General". A'baht had long been known for using army-style general ranks in the manner of his own Dornean Navy rather than the standard flag ranks of the Fleet, but his status as "General" during the Black Fleet Crisis of 16-17 ABY was explicitly equivalent to that of an Admiral at the time, and as such, he outranked Admiral Tolokus, one of his task force commanders during the campaign.
Brigadier General was a military rank used by the Galactic Republic and Galactic Empire that was senior to a colonel and junior to a general. Republic Colonel Meebur Gascon had dreams of being promoted to Brigadier General, which he eventually obtained. Nevar of the Imperial Army held the rank during the Battle of Hoth in 3 ABY.
Cadet was a title used to refer to youthful individuals enrolled in a training or educational program. Prior to and during the Clone Wars, the Grand Army of the Republic trained clone cadets on Kamino, who would one day become clone troopers. The New Mandalorians created the Royal Academy of Government, where young Mandalorian cadets were sent and instructed how to become great leaders. After the fall of the Galactic Republic, the newly-formed Galactic Empire set up the Imperial Academy to train Imperial cadets to serve in the Imperial Military.
Cadet commander was a rank given to the foremost cadet at the Syndic Mitth'raw'nuruodo training academy, who served as a leader of the other cadets. Shawnkyr Nuruodo held this rank in 19 ABY before turning it over to Jagged Fel when Fel helped defeat a pirate raid.
Those who were enrolled at the Imperial Academies were called cadets. The term was also used before then, during the time of the Galactic Republic, for the same purpose when clone troopers were being trained. The main facility where many of these cadets were trained at were academies such as the Academy of Carida, where many famous stormtroopers have been trained. A similar rank, called "recruit," was utilized by the Alliance to Restore the Republic post-Battle of Hoth, being the lowest rank, just below Flight Cadet. Its insignia was a white patch with white borders and completely bare.
In civilian life, a captain was an individual who was in charge of a starship. In military organizations such as the Imperial Navy or the Royal Naboo Security Forces, a captain was an officer of high rank with leadership responsibilities.Galactic Republic By the Fall of the Republic, the Galactic Republic used the position of captain in its Judicial Forces, and, in 22 BBY, the government created a proper army. This new Republic Military, made up of clone troopers from the planet of Kamino, used the rank of captain in both its army and navy. Clone trooper officers who held the rank were known as Clone Captains, although non-clone officers could also serve as captains. Many clone navigation officers, some of whom held the rank of captain, wore a single-rowed plaque, with two red and one blue square (from left to right). In the army, Clone Captains led companies of 144 troopers and directly reported to a Clone Commander. However, as many of the Jedi Generals had a creative approach to the chain of command, some captains worked directly with to their Jedi officer. Clone Captain CT-7567, also known as "Rex," was a notable Clone Officer. Rex led the 501st Legion's Torrent Company and worked directly with Jedi General Anakin Skywalker, serving as the Jedi's first in command. Clone Captains in standard Phase I armor were initially distinguished by maroon markings on their white armor, but many captains began to customize their armor to showcase their individuality, show their company's image, and keep from being easily identified by snipers. The Confederacy of Independent Systems used the rank of captain. In the Separatist Droid Army both organic officers and droids could hold the rank. Rackham Sear, a male Kage Warrior, served as a captain in the Confederacy military. The Separatists also utilized commando droid captains; one such captain served at the Citadel. The rank was also used in the Confederacy navy. Captain Mar Tuuk served in the Confederacy navy, and commanded the Ryloth blockade from his Lucrehulk-class Battleship.<div style="float: right">In the First Galactic Empire, there were captains in the Imperial Navy and Imperial Army. A stormtrooper captain from the army served as a military advisor to Queen Trios of Shu-Torun. The Imperial insignia plaque of the rank had three red squares over three blue, or alternatively, a single row of of six yellow squares, or three blue squares followed by two red. The term could also refer to anyone who captained a vessel, regardless of their military rank. Thrawn captained the Chimaera while holding the rank of commodore.In the Alliance to Restore the Republic there were captains in both the army and the navy. The insignia of a Rebel captain had two pips over each other. The color of the pips (red or blue) indicated the branch of service. This held for the early rebellion as well. The First Order had captains in the navy and Army. Two captains in the army's Stormtrooper Corps were Cardinal and Phasma. The First Order ranks were marked by a combination of uniform color and arm insignia, worn on the left sleeve of the uniform. The First Order captains wore a gray uniform with a black armband edged in silver, bearing the name of Dillon, a particular Imperial hero of the Galactic Civil War, depicted in silver Aurebesh letters. <div style="float: right">In the Resistance, there were captains in both the army and the navy. The rank badge of the Resistance captains bore a colored vertical line, red for personnel in the army and blue for the navy. In the Resistance Army, the rank of Captain was lower than that of Commander.
The title or rank of captain was often used in military organizations and some civilian contexts, and typically indicated an individual with leadership responsibilities.Surface forcesIn ground-based military organizations, captains were typically company commanders, a role they served in both the Grand Army of the Republic (GAR) during the Clone Wars and in the Imperial Army during the Galactic Civil War. In the Imperial forces, they could also serve as support officers, adjutants and aides-de-camp at battalion level or above. At least one officer, Captain-Supervisor Grammel, held a rank which apparently combined his military rank with the civilian bureaucratic title of Supervisor. Early in the Clone Wars, clone captains in the GAR were identified by red markings on their armor, while Imperial Army captains seem to have typically worn an insignia with three red pips over three blue, and one code cylinder at the left shoulder, although it seems that in some situations, other variations were known: for instance, a Rebel source indicates that some Army captains aboard the Death Star may have worn a rank bar with a single strip of three pips, and one rank cylinder at either shoulder. Captains ranked above the lieutenants who commanded platoons, and below the majors who typically led battalions, in the GAR, and also in the Imperial Army. However, in at least some sections of the Imperial military, an extra grade of commander appeared immediately above captain, denoted by an extra code cylinder at the right shoulder. In the GAR, on the other hand, variations on "commander" were used for all clone trooper ranks above major, but all ranks above captain, including major, seem to have worn the yellow rank flashes of a clone commander, and there was no direct evidence to exclude the possibility of a lower commander rank immediately above captain. Other militaries were probably broadly similar in their positioning of captain within the chain of command, but the available evidence is not always specific.Most starfighter corps followed army-style systems in their rank structure, but this did not always translate into giving officers of the same rank similar responsibilities. In the Rebel Alliance, the rank of Captain, depending on the time period, either occurred between Lieutenant and Commander (such being the case pre–Battle of Hoth)Star Wars: X-Wing or between Lieutenant and Lieutenant Commander (post–Battle of Hoth). The design of the rank likewise depended on the time period. Pre–Battle of Hoth, it was a silver patch that had three yellow bumps placed in a way that resembled an upside-down triangle. Post–Battle of Hoth, the rank possessed gold-trim borders and had two red bumps, one being at the topmost-center, and the other being on the bottommost-center, similar to the earlier design of the rank of Captain pre–Battle of Hoth. In the Imperial military and some early New Republic formations, a captain like Soontir Fel or Pash Cracken often led a squadron of twelve starfighters, but by the outbreak of the Yuuzhan Vong invasion, a mere flight of four fighters in New Republic Starfighter Command could be commanded by a higher-ranking Major, and captains could serve as merely mid-ranking flight officers with no command responsibility.In naval terminology, "captain" could be a specific rank, but also a title held irrespective of rank. Any military officer with a specific commission to command a capital ship might be styled as captain. Within the chain of command, a specific rank of captain was found in most naval forces, although the exact significance of the rank varied. In many naval services, the rank of captain indicated a command-grade officer analogous to an army colonel, above commander but below commodore; this was the situation in the Galactic Alliance, and Chiss Expansionary Defense Force, and probably in the Old Republic, Rebel Alliance and New Republic before them. Typically, officers holding the rank of captain would hold the command of a single warship, but some captains were responsible for entire squadrons of capital ships, and not all warships were commanded by officers holding the substantive rank of captain. For example, in the last years of the Old Republic, Lorth Needa commanded the Carrack-class light cruiser RSS Integrity as a Lieutenant Commander,Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith (novel; hardcover edition), p. 97 while the six Dreadnaught Cruisers of Outbound Flight were each under a commander, with a single captain in overall command. Similarly, it seems that the captain in command of the Rendili Home Defense Fleet's flagship was a senior officer with extensive command authority. Occasionally, a captain could serve in a subordinate role: for instance, Captain Theb Tobbra was first officer of the New Republic heavy cruiser Indomitable during the Koornacht Crisis, with Commodore Brand apparently serving as the ship's captain, although he was also overall commander of Task Force Aster. In the Imperial Navy, a rank of Captain of the Line existed, which was typically held by officers commanding a line, a formation that normally consisted of around four ships but could range in reality from one to twenty, depending on size and role; the rank was also typically held by admirals' adjutants. This was separate from the title of captain held by the commanding officer of any individual ship, but it may still have corresponded to the traditional rank of captain. There was a great deal of prestige attached to the post of ship's captain in the Imperial fleet, and the ethos of the Navy honored men who prized and cultivated their relationship with a specific ship: captains might often refuse promotions to administrative posts, or even turn down the command of larger and more capable warships.Civilians in command of a private vessel, even a light freighter such as the Millennium Falcon, were also addressed as "captain." From the early days of the Galactic Republic, the Bureau of Ships and Services, or "BoSS," was responsible for the licensing, certification, and registration of starship captains. In order to be licensed, a civilian captain during the Imperial era needed to pass numerous oral, written, and practical tests. They also needed a standard background check, documentation of at least ten years as a spacer, and a 300-credit fee. The fee was increased to 500 credits to expedite licensing, which eliminated much of the testing and flight-time requirements. Many smugglers operated with forged documents, however, which cost thousands of credits but avoided other legal entanglements. Captain's licenses were required to legally buy a starship, obtain an arms load-out permit for a starship, or obtain copies of the Spacer's Information Manual from the Imperial Space Ministry. Operating a starship without a captain's license was a Class Four Infraction under the Imperial Penal Code. The rank of captain was also used by law-enforcement agencies and usually referred to a high-ranking officer in the organization. Sports teams such as limmie teams also had captains.
The Captain of the Guard was a title given to a commander of troops. In the Onderonian military, the title was given to three concurrent individuals. In 3951 BBY, it was held by Bostuco, Riiken, and Gelesi, who inherited the title upon Sullio's death. The Senate Guard of the Galactic Republic and the Empire also used this rank and its holder answered directly to (and was likely appointed and dismissed by) a Senate committee. Jesra Loture served as Captain of the Guard during the Separatist Crisis and Clone Wars. The same title was used by the stormtrooper officer in charge of the guard at Kharys's fortress. The Rryatt Ceremonial Guard on Kashyyyk was also led by a Wookiee of this rank.
Captain of the Line was a rank that appeared in certain navies. When Kendal Ozzel graduated from a Core World naval academy, he was granted that rank.
Chief, sometimes known as chieftain, was a title used in various organizations and cultures to denote a position of authority. During the Clone Wars, Thi-Sen was the chieftain of Talz on Orto Plutonia; Nossor Ri was the chieftain of the Quarren on Mon Cala; Pieter was the chieftain of the Ming Po village on Carlac; Tarfful was the chieftain of Kachirho on Kashyyyk; and Qin Yazal was the chieftain of a Poletec village. In the Galactic Empire, chief was a military rank, and was used by such individuals as Moradmin Bast and Siward Cass. In Bright Tree Village, an Ewok village on the forest moon of Endor, Chief Chirpa was the leader of the tribe.
Chief Gunner was a Trade Federation position held by Lieutenant Jull Dremon.
Chief military administrator was a rank in the militarized society of the Alanciari, the Keshiri natives of the continent of Alanciar on the planet Kesh.
Chief Petty Officer was a naval rank. Around 34 ABY, Nastia Unamo held that rank aboard the First Order starship Finalizer. Decades earlier, Corla Metonae was chief petty officer aboard the RHA Tantive IV.
Chief Petty Officer was a military rank held by Corla Metonae and Tanogo.
Chief Purser was a rank held by Waverton aboard the Aurorient Express.
Chief Warrant Officer was a rank present in many militaries across the galaxy, falling between the ranks of Warrant Officer and Master Warrant Officer. A chief warrant officer did not have a specific task as other ranks such as Admiral did, but instead specialized in a field which other crew members had little or no knowledge of or experience with. Although the chief warrant officer had similar functions to the warrant officer, the chief warrant officer was able to oversee more delicate operations that might require more familiarity with the system(s) in question. The chief warrant officer was usually very skilled in their area of expertise and was tasked with overseeing the work of regular warrant officers. An example of a notable chief warrant officer was Xiong Wong, the head of electronic countermeasures on the New Hope. Rebel AllianceXiong Wong
A chief or chieftain was the leader of a tribe, village, or town and often primitive societies. Cultures that had chiefs, or chieftains include the Twi'leks, Jawas, Nelvaanian, Sand people, Ewoks, Felucians, Wookiees and Ming Po. Chief Chirpa was the chief of Bright Tree Village on Endor. A chief was also the title of a manager or overseer, especially in military organizations, such as Chief Bast and Chief Engineer Olum. Hurdiss served as a communications chief aboard the Super Star Destroyer Executor by the year 3 ABY. Siward Cass also acted as the communications chief aboard the first Death Star before 0 BBY. Chief could also be a shortened name for a title including chief, such as Chief Justice or Chief of State.
Colonel was a rank that was common to most militaries throughout the galaxy. It was generally below the rank of general and above the ranks of major and commander. The rank itself was relatively high in the greater chain of command.The rank of colonel was used in militaries during wartime at least as far back as before the outbreak of the Clone Wars. During that particular war, there were colonels on both sides of the conflict, the factions being the Confederacy of Independent Systems and the Grand Army of the Republic. Colonels were not generally known to participate in combat, instead serving as strategists and high commanders. One such tactician was Meebur Gascon, a Zilkin officer known for his skills as a commander. During the war, he commanded the droid unit D-Squad on a mission to steal a Separatist encryption module. The rank was still in use during the reign of the Galactic Empire, held by Imperial officers in the Imperial Army. It was also a non-martial rank as well, being a senior rank in the Imperial Security Bureau. One such ISB colonel was former Republic admiral Wullf Yularen.
Colonel was a military rank used by planet-based forces (such as the Imperial Army) as well as certain Starfighter Corps. Colonels ranked below generals and above majors, and were equivalent in rank to the naval rank of captain. In the Imperial Army, the rank of colonel was divided into several grades. Lieutenant Colonels, who could command a regiment of up to 4,000 soldiers, were the lowest rank. High Colonels were the highest rank of colonel, commanding a battlegroup of four to eight regiments. Although the rank of Colonel itself is not used within the Stormtrooper Corps, the grades Lieutenant Colonel and High Colonel were used for those who commanded a regiment and legion of stormtroopers, respectively. Colonel was also a rank used by Imperial Security Bureau, for example Colonel Wullf Yularen.
Commandant was a title used by the Alliance to Restore the Republic.
Commander was the rank of an officer with authority over a body of troops or a military operation. In galactic history, soldiers served under commanders in various military organizations such as the Republic Military, which used Clone Commanders such as Cody and Jedi Commanders during the Clone Wars. on the battlefield. The Confederacy military had General Grievous overseeing the Separatist Droid Army as Supreme Martial Commander during the Clone Wars. Similarly, the Imperial Army, the Alliance to Restore the Republic, the New Republic, the First Order military, and the Resistance all had commanders within their ranks. In the case of the First Order military, Commanders also were identified by wearing teal uniforms similar to that of Majors and Colonels. During the Clone Wars, Mitth'raw'nuruodo served as a Commander in the Chiss Expansionary Defense Fleet of the Chiss Ascendancy.
Commander was a military rank or title, and was used in several different ways during the era of the Clone Wars, Galactic Civil War and Yuuzhan Vong invasion, as well as other wars. As a generic mode of address, "commander" was appropriate to many military officers. Almost anyone in command of a distinct ship, outfit or taskforce could be called "commander" of the unit. Examples of these commanders were found within all military branches. They ranged from Fleet Commanders, Field Commanders, and Flight Commanders to more prestige full titles such as Force Commanders and High Commanders. It must be noted though, that the commanding officers of naval capital ships usually preferred to be addressed as "Captain". According to Emperor Palpatine in the Imperial Handbook: A Commander's Guide, the official field manual for officers within the Imperial Military, a commander within the Empire was required to excel, which requires that they fight and if need be die in the service of the Empire, and also indicating that the commander won't be defeated even if he fell in battle due to the various branches fighting on. The various commanders in the Imperial Military, who were largely formidable military talents, also were considered the true holders of power within the Empire, even though they technically only carried out the orders of the Emperor. "Commander" was also a more specific rank within many military hierarchies. In some ranking systems, this title would rank just above captain while in others it would rank just below it. The Commander was in some cases the closest superior to a Lieutenant Commander in the same ranking system. The militaries of the Galactic Empire and the Rebel Alliance, both had ranking systems where Commanders were ranked above captains. But at the same time, there were numerous examples of the same militaries having other hierarchies placing Commanders below Captains. Evidently there were different ranking systems depending on specific service branches or institutions. Rank InsigniaCommander |- In the ex-Imperial naval forces loyal to Thyferran Chief of State Ysanne Isard, there was a second usage of Commander described by Fliry Vorru as being greater than that of "a mere Captain," but this second rank is rarely attested, and may have stemmed from a confusion with the Imperial Navy's rank of Captain of the Line. Other officers like Commander Gherant were known at the height of the Empire to have been inferior in rank to Captains like Firmus Piett, and such commanders also existed in the New Republic military.In Imperial Starfighter and Army units, a Commander apparently ranked between a Captain and a Major. Within the Galactic Empire, specifically the Imperial Army, a commander was responsible for setting the terms of the battle, and then moving swiftly and decisively once the parameters of engagement have been outlined. In addition, the commander's ability to follow protocol was often the deciding factor on how orders transmitted from the Army Command, including what units a commander deploys into battle or how the units are to be used, with set objectives and available resources being a determining factor. Aside from monitoring the presence of the Rebel Alliance on a given world, an Imperial Army Commander was also cognizant of the criminal underworld, as many of them (which included Hutts, smugglers, bounty hunters, and others who live in civilization's fringes), even if they technically have no formal membership with the Rebel Alliance, are still enemies all the same. An Imperial Army commander was also required to respond to threats with the appropriate amount of forces, and as such, assessing what a situation requires (such as escalation, additional units, special units, etc., etc.) was a central part of a commander's duties. In Rebel Alliance and New Republic Starfighter Command organizations, references exist to a rank of Commander, sometimes specifically Flight Commander or Wing Commander, covering at least one tier of the hierarchy between Captain and Colonel; by the time of the Galactic Alliance, these titles had apparently been replaced by Major and Lieutenant Colonel. Pre-Battle of Hoth, the rank insignia was between Captain and General,Star Wars: X-Wing while post-Battle of Hoth, it was between Captain and Lieutenant Commander. In the former instance, its design was a silver patch showing four yellow bumps, covering all but the upper right corner of the patch in a near-X-formation, while in the latter instance, the design was that of a gold-trim patch possessing three red bumps, two with each being on the lower corners of the patch, and one being at the topmost center of the patch. The promotion of Commander Eldo Davip to Major General after the Battle of Borleias suggests that in some elements of the New Republic or Galactic Alliance military, a rank of Commander may replace Brigadier. The Mandalorians used the rank of commander. In the GAR, the rank of Commander was borne by senior clone officers, and some Jedi, including many padawans. Among the Yuuzhan Vong, most warship captains and a few task force commanders bore a rank of Commander, and superior officers were known as Supreme Commanders. In the armed forces of the Chiss Ascendancy, variations on "Commander" were used as ranks or titles in a variety of different contexts. In the years before the Clone Wars, a frontier patrol group of the Expansionary Fleet could be commanded by an officer with the title of Force Commander, often simply styled "Commander" (Crahsystor in Cheunh). Much later, in c. 19–22 BBY, examples are also known of a Phalanx Commander leading a Household Phalanx and a Station Commander commanding a defense platform, while the title Cadet Commander was given to the senior cadet in a Chiss training squadron, who could also be addressed as "Lieutenant". By the time of the Swarm War in 37 ABY, the term "Commander" was used in Basic to translate the rank analogous to a naval Commander in the Galactic Alliance, one grade below Captain, but is not clear whether this usage corresponded to any of the earlier terminology.The title "Commander-in-Chief" was used by some civilian heads of state in their capacity as head of their government's military forces - for instance, the Chief of State of the Alliance to Restore the Republic was also, ex officio, Allied Forces Commander-in-Chief. The position of Supreme Commander was borne by very senior officers serving various regimes, including the Grand Admiral who was effectively the head of state of Imperial Space after 19 ABY.
Lieutenant Commander was a naval rank that ranked between Lieutenant and Commander in the Imperial Navy. Ezra Bridger, a member of the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire, held the rank during the mission to Reklam Station before having his command temporarily suspended. After the Death Star's destruction during the Battle of Yavin, Lieutenant Ciena Ree of the Imperial Navy was promoted to lieutenant commander. During the Cold War, Nien Nunb held the rank in the Starfighter Corps of the Resistance.OverviewThe military rank of Lieutenant Commander was a naval rank utilized by various militaries throughout the galaxy and its history. The rank was subordinate to that of commander but senior to the rank of lieutenant.The Phoenix Cell, a resistance group that was part of a network of rebel cells known as "the Alliance," which later grew into the formal Alliance to Restore the Republic, utilized the rank of Lieutenant Commander. An individual who held the rank had authority over conducting their own missions.In the Chiss Defense Force, Lieutenant Commander was below Junior Commander and above Lieutenant. By the time of the Nikardun campaigns, the rank had become associated with Chiss officers from Great or Ruling families who were deemed not good enough to advance higher in the command hierarchy. The practice of giving mediocre officers the rank of Lieutenant Commander so as not to offend them or their families was widely known in the Chiss Ascendancy but rarely discussed, rendering it as somewhat an open secret.The Galactic Empire continued use of the rank of lieutenant commander within the Imperial Military. Notably, the rank was used in the Imperial Navy and its Imperial Starfighter Corps. The chief engineer of a Star Destroyer could hold the rank of Lieutenant Commander, as could a weapons officer a light cruiser.The Galactic Republic included the rank of Lieutenant Commander within several organizations of the Republic Military during the Clone Wars. The Republic Navy maintained the rank and could be used by the commanding officer of a sub-capital ship battle group that consisted of a Dreadnought-class heavy cruiser and a number of Carrack-class light cruisers. A lieutenant commander could also use a Carrack as their flagship. The Republic Special Weapons Group also used the rank of lieutenant commander within its structure, and was subordinate to the rank of commander.The New Republic utilized lieutenant commander within their New Republic Defense Fleet rank structure during the Galactic Civil War, with individuals who held the could serve aboard Republic starships. The Resistance, a private military force born from the New Republic, utilized the rank within its Resistance Starfighter Corps.
Commander-in-Chief was the title held by a person who exercised supreme control over a military force, typically a head of state. During the Clone Wars, Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine was the commander-in-chief of the Grand Army of the Republic. The Kaleesh cyborg Grievous served as Commander-in-Chief of the Separatist Droid Armies during the Clone Wars. In the Alliance to Restore the Republic, it was Chief of State Mon Mothma who held that title.
Commander-in-Chief was the highest rank in a military. The title was usually reserved for the Head of State of a government. During the Clone Wars, the Supreme Chancellor held the position. The position was originally held by the Minister of Defense. As Head of State, the Galactic Emperor held this position with the Supreme Commander of the Imperial Forces in the Galactic Empire, though the Executor was counted as the official title in the Dark Empire. The Rebel Alliance had their head of state, the Chief of State, hold this title. The Alliance of Free Planets, later the New Republic, used this rank (referred to as Supreme Commander). It was originally held by Mon Mothma and later held by Admiral Ackbar. After Ackbar's resignation, the position was held by Sien Sovv. Like the Galactic Emperor or Supreme Chancellor, the Chief of State held the position by virtue of being Head of State. Tobler Ceel was Commander-in-Chief of the Gungan Grand Army.
A commanding officer, (shortened to CO), was a military officer in charge of and given authority over a particular military unit. Military organizations such as the Gungan Grand Army and the Grand Army of the Republic utilized commanding officers amongst its ranks.
Within military organizations, the commanding officer (often abbreviated to C.O.) was the officer in charge of a military unit. Typically the commanding officer had ultimate authority over the unit, and was usually given wide latitude within the bounds of military law. In this respect, commanding officers have significant responsibilities, duties and powers. A commanding officer may have been of any rank of commissioned officer; usually there were more officers than command positions available, and time spent in command, referred to as seniority, was generally a key aspect of promotion; therefore the role of commanding officer was highly valued, and in theory only goes to the best officers. In most militaries, the commanding officer was often assisted by an executive officer (also abbreviated as X.O.), whose job it was to handle personnel and day-to-day non-combat operations. Larger units, such as large capital-class warships, also played host to a whole collection of staff officers.
Commando One was the title held by the leader of Commando Team One. Kapp Dendo held it for several years.
Commodore was a senior rank in naval forces found in various militaries. Commodore was used in the Imperial Navy of the Galactic Empire during the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire with Almudin and Thrawn having the rank before Thrawn's promotion to Admiral. At the time of his suicide in the Castell system, Idel was also a commodore and commanded his own Imperial-class Star Destroyer. Karyn Faro of the Seventh Fleet was a commodore, and was assigned Task Force 231. During the Galactic Civil War, Krovis also served as a commodore. In the Galactic Empire, an individual with the rank of commodore was issued a rank insignia plaque with either four red tiles on top of four blue tiles and three code cylinders, a plaque with three blue tiles on the right and three red tiles on the left that was accompanied with four code cylinders, or five red tiles placed above five blue tiles with two code cylinders. During the civil war, the New Republic Defense Fleet used the rank of commodore, with Kyrsta Agate having the rank and commanding the Starhawk-class battleship Concord. Meta also served as a commodore within the navy of the Resistance.
The term commodore typically denoted senior Navy officers commanding groups of ships rather than individual vessels, but it was used in a number of different ways by various military hierarchies. Most typically, the title "commodore" was associated with a distinct rank between captain and Rear Admiral; officers of this rank might serve as senior captains of important ships, or else could command flotillas, squadrons, or task forces, usually under superior flag officers. This usage of the term was established in the Rebel Alliance rank hierarchies. In the Confederacy of Independent Systems the commodore was the commander of a "Squadron", leading 12-64 vessels. Yat-De Viedas was a Rebel commodore during the early years of the Alliance; later, the New Republic and Galactic Alliance used this title. For example, during the Swarm War (35-36 ABY), Gavin Darklighter commanded a task force in the Fifth Fleet with the rank of commodore. However, the New Republic also accorded a separate title of "commodore" to some very high-ranking officers, such as General Han Solo, who was so styled when he was appointed as commander of the entire Fifth Fleet in 17 ABY. Under the Galactic Empire, in contrast, the rank between Line Captain and Rear Admiral had been commander, and the term "commodore" was used instead as an alternate title for a Systems Admiral, a mid-ranking command officer within the Navy hierarchy of a Sector Group, or an admiral for a standard fleet. Other military forces used the term "commodore" in different ways; for instance, the Utapau Skyforce had a rank of Air Commodore, the Home Guard Commodore commanded the Sullustan Home Guard, and the head of the BloodScar pirates took the title.
Communications master was a rank in the Prakith navy.
Communications officer was a title held by beings who operated and controlled communications, often aboard starships. Members of the Trade Federation also held this title, and it was also another name for the Vice-Chair of Communications in the InterGalactic Banking Clan. During the Invasion of Naboo, Tey How served as Communications Officer aboard Viceroy Nute Gunray's flagship, Saak'ak. During the Battle of Hoth, Toryn Farr was the Chief Communications Officer, also called the Chief controller, of Echo Base, serving in the Rebel command center.
Controller was a title given to officers. LT-319 operated as a controller and the lead intelligence officer in the Imperial Information Office of the Galactic Empire. The Empire also utilized flight controllers and controller droids such as the RQ protocol droid oversaw operations in spaceports on planets including Lothal.
Controller was the title given to officers who operated as space traffic controllers in the Galactic Empire. Their job was to clear, direct and track traffic around Imperial space stations and capital ships. Controllers were also assigned to starfighter units; in this capacity they acted to coordinate the targeting data and attack vectors of all craft within their sphere of responsibility, in keeping with Imperial tactical doctrine. Jhoff served as the space traffic controller aboard the Executor around the time of the Battle of Endor, and was responsible for the control of traffic around the Executor and Endor. Besides the Galactic Empire, the Rebel Alliance also made use of the title. Several were stationed at Massassi Station around the time of the Battle of Yavin. The rebel controllers on Hoth monitored the flight pattern of ships during the Battle of Hoth. They used the OrC-19 com-scan integrator console.
Corporal was a military rank in army units. It was usually higher than a private or trooper, and lower than a sergeant. One OOM-series security droid destroyed by Jedi Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi held the rank of corporal within the Trade Federation Droid Army. Comet and Echo were both clone corporals of the Republic Military. Though Meebur Gascon's rank in the Grand Army of the Republic was colonel, WAC-47 repeatedly referred to him as "corporal." Later, however, as the two came to respect each other, Gascon gave WAC-47 a promotion to the rank of corporal. During his time as an infantryman, Han Solo served as a corporal in the 224th Imperial Armored Division.
Corporal was an enlisted military rank, usually in army units. It was usually higher than a private or trooper, and lower than a sergeant. In the Imperial Army, a corporal was second-in-command of a nine-man squad, selected and recommended for the position by the sergeant. As the senior of the squad's eight troopers, he was known as the "one-man." The rank was also used in planetary police forces, such as Cularin's Office of Peace and Security.
Corpsman was a rank used in several militaries to denote a medical specialist.Corpsmen served in the Rebel defenses protecting Echo Base on the planet Hoth. They were frequently called upon to see to wounded soldiers fighting the incoming AT-AT and AT-ST walkers. A notable corpsman was Elassar Targon, who served in that capacity for Wraith Squadron through the latter years of the Galactic Civil War and the Yuuzhan Vong War.
CorSec Imperial Liaison officer was a rank within the Corellian Security Force.
Crewman was a rank used aboard the New Republic starship FarStar. Vyson, a security officer on the ship, held the rank of Crewman.
The title of Decider was a rank held by members of the Meatlump Gang, a technology-hating Corellian criminal organization branded as terrorists by the Corellian Security Force.
A deck officer of Flight Deck Officer was a military rank bestowed upon starship crewmembers, usually officers, who frequented the deck of the starship, but held no responsibility for running that vessel's operations. CT-327 was the deck officer of the Rishi Station during the Clone Wars. He died during the Battle of the Rishi moon in 22 BBY. An unnamed crewman held this rank aboard Admiral Giel's flagship. Lieutenant Bendlar Kovings served as the Flight Deck Officer for Drop Point: Gelgelar during the Galactic Civil War.
Deputy Director was a high position in the Galactic Empire. In the Naval Intelligence Agency, in 14 BBY, the position was held by Wullf Yularen. In the Imperial Security Bureau, at the same time, the position was held by Harus Ison. Sometime later, the up-and-coming ISB Inspector General Bozeden Jeems had eyes for the position of Deputy Director.
Dodecian was a military title of the Givin leader of the Body Calculus. During the Yuuzhan Vong War, Illiet was Dodecian of the Yag-prime space station, and had the authority to demand the surrender of the Stalking Moon. Dodecians apparently painted their exoskeletons with mathematical symbols.
A drill instructor was a non-commissioned officer in the armed forces who was assigned the duty of initiating new recruits entering the military into the customs and practices of military life. Thaffe was a drill instructor.
Duty officer was a position given to officers within the military of both the Galactic Empire, and the Alliance to Restore the Republic.
Engineering officer was an individual responsible for engineering duties aboard a starship. According to a fake story formulated by the Alliance to Restore the Republic in order to infiltrate Ruusan, Lieutenant Hortu Agar was the engineering officer aboard the transport High Hauler. This specialist rank was the lowest officer rank used by the Imperial Engineering Division and ranked below Engineering Lieutenant. The rank was the equivalent of Imperial Navy Ensign, Imperial Army Officer, and Starfighter Corps Flight Officer.
Ensign was a junior officer rank within the Galactic Empire and a low rank in its naval officer corps. The rank was also used by the New Republic. Ensigns served aboard various starships, including Star Destroyers. Five years after the establishment of the Empire, Ensign Baz was served on the Imperial construction project Sentinel Base under Governor Wilhuff Tarkin, and was selected to serve as a midshipman aboard the Governor's personal vessel, the Carrion Spike. Three years later, Ensign Cauley served as a terminal operator on board the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Ultimatum under Captain Rae Sloane during the conflict on the planet Gorse.
Ensign was the lowest rating of officer within most space navies, being bestowed upon a being immediately after graduating from a service academy. This rank was the lowest officer line rank used by the Imperial Navy and ranked below Junior Lieutenant. Ensigns held a position of midshipmen. The rank was the equivalent of Imperial Army Officer, Starfighter Corps Flight Officer, and Engineering Division Officer. Ensigns typically were given supervisory positions over enlisted crew, however they were too junior to actually have a command billet. Ensigns also could not take command of any situation, unless in the absence of a lieutenant or other superior officer. Persons of this rank were typically assigned as watch officers, military aides, envoys or even bodyguards for various higher-ranking officers such as admirals. Ensigns also sometimes led ground missions, leading a vessel's complement of troopers on whatever task needed doing. During off-duty hours, or when in hyperspace, an ensign could be given command of a warship, primarily to test their abilities, but also to give the regular officers some time off. When the captain or another higher-ranking officer judged them ready, the ensign would be promoted the next appropriate grade, and continue on their career path. A Republic ensign tried to kill Dessel with a vibroblade after losing to him at a game of sabacc, but he was killed when Dessel shoved the blade back at him.
In many militaries, an executive officer (or simply X.O.) was the second-in-command of a single military unit and reported directly to the commanding officer (or C.O.). The X.O. was typically responsible for the management of day-to-day activities within the unit in order to free the commander to concentrate on either planning the unit's next move or issuing general orders as circumstances dictated. The X.O. would also take charge of the unit in the absence of the commander (either due to being on leave, incapacitated in some fashion, or killed in the line of duty, among other possibilities). The position was frequently the stepping-stone to a command position for the officer. Some organizations used the term "Second-in-Command," First Mate," or "First Officer" to describe an X.O., including paramilitary and non-military entities such as civilian starships or pirate and/or smuggling organizations.During the Galactic Civil War, Vict Darron served as the executive officer to Admiral Delak Krennel, aboard the Direption. X-Wing: Isard's Revenge
Executor was a title bestowed upon the non–Force-sensitive Sith Pureblood Krannus by the Sith Emperor of the Sith Empire for his fanatical loyalty and the speed with which he rose through the Imperial Military.
Field Commander was a position held by commanding officers on the ground during battle. The Stormtrooper Commander Atty held the position during the Galactic Empire's pacification of Ontotho.
Pivotal to any ground campaign, field commanders improved the morale and tactical abilities of all ground units under their command. The rank was also used by the Yuuzhan Vong warrior caste. Culled from the best recruits in the galaxy, field commanders were trained at one of the Imperial military academies located throughout the Core Worlds. They were often only lightly armored, with a helmet and vest for protection.One Imperial field commander was sent in to Thyferra to find the rogue Moff Kalast. Due to the officer's incompetence at ensuring a stealthy landing, however, Kalast escaped. As punishment for his failure, Darth Vader executed the commander. At least seventeen more Imperial commanders were present during the demonstration of the AT-AT by Colonel Maximilian Veers. As a result of an invasion by Rebel forces, the commanders engaged in combat. Another was in charge of the defense of a Tibanna gas refinery during a raid. Due to his failure to defeat the invaders, however, he was executed by Darth Vader.
Neo-Crusader Field Marshal, also known simply as Marshal was the third rank of the Neo-Crusader movement, and the highest apart from the Mandalore. Wearing the golden suit of Neo-Crusader armor, they were easily recognized on the battlefield. Marshals commanded everything from entire sectors to a specific flank in the midst of a given battle, depending on the need and position of another Marshal. Despite their command role, they were expected to engage in combat just as any other warrior.In the early days of the Neo-Crusader movement, the position of Marshal was reserved for Mandalore's advisors. Cassus Fett, to show his support for the movement was amongst the first to give up his individualism and started wearing the golden suit of armor. Many however refused to adopt the standardized look, such as the scientist Demagol, and the status symbol of the Marshals quickly diminished in value. Mandalore began to issue the position to members of his vanguard and soon to those who wished to differentiate from the Rally Masters, such as Demagol's aides. Rewarding the suit soon became his preferred solution to various problems. Seeing the position devalued to the extreme, Cassus argued that the truly distinguished such as himself should again have a different suit to separate themselves from the generic Marshals. Because of this, the average Marshal, just like the average Neo-Crusader, diminished in quality when the numbers of Mandalorians grew. Near the end of the war, a Marshal issuing orders from safety became a common sight.Neo-CrusadersGorse BendakBralorCassus FettPulsipherGaron BormHeta Kol of the Hidden Chain
Fighter Command Liaison was the position taken by Wedge Antilles after being promoted to general following the Battle of Bilbringi. Antilles accepted the position only after a compromise with Gial Ackbar allowed him to retain the right to personally lead Rogue Wing into combat.
First Lieutenant was a military rank within the armed forces of the Galactic Empire. Denn Maskar of the 204th Imperial Fighter Wing held the rank. Agnon, who served in the First Order, later held the rank.
First Lieutenant was a title carried by some Jedi during the Clone Wars as an assimilated rank within the Republic military. One notable holder of the rank was Anakin Skywalker. This rank was also later used by the Galactic Empire, Chiss Ascendancy, Rebel Alliance and New Republic. In the Imperial Army, the next rank up was Captain.
First Sergeant was a rank for soldiers. During the height of the Galactic Civil War, Rebel soldier Hazram Namir was a First Sergeant in Twilight Company, acting as a link between the officers and enlisted troops.
The Fist was a Sith Lord who served as the supreme military commander for the One Sith. The Fist was appointed to the position by Darth Krayt. Until 130 ABY, the Fist was Darth Nihl, but he was then made into a Hand after his predecessor was killed at the Massacre at Ossus.Imperial Knights question, post Essential Guide to the Force As of 137 ABY, Darth Stryfe served as Krayt's Fist, in command of the Service alongside Grand Admiral Morlish Veed.Re: Was Darth Stryfe featured in issue 0?
Flag Lieutenant was a rank within most space navies, particularly the Galactic Alliance Defense Force. The specific title referred to a lieutenant who had been assigned as the aide of a ranking fleet commander, usually an admiral. During the later stages of the Second Galactic Civil War of 40 ABY, Tahiri Veila served as the flag lieutenant for Colonel Jacen Solo.
A flag officer was a position held in a faction's naval branch. In the Chiss Ascendancy, a flag officer was an officer including and above the rank of commodore. In the starfleet of the Galactic Empire, a flag officer was a senior officer above the rank of commander. Admiral Kassius Konstantine was described as a perfect model for an Imperial Navy flag officer.
A Fleet Commander was a position given to an officer of the New Republic Defense Fleet. One notable fleet commander during the Galactic Civil War was Hellip who took over local operations, following General Hera Syndulla's battle with the loyalist forces of the 204th Imperial Fighter Wing, after they attacked the Imperial planet Chadawa as part of a second Operation: Cinder.
Pivotal to any space campaign, Fleet Commanders were the battle coordinators for all space units under their command during the Clone Wars and Galactic Civil War. Culled from the best recruits in the galaxy, fleet commanders were trained at one of the Imperial military academies located throughout the Core Worlds. Or in the Rebellion's case, they were trained at one of the Imperial academies and later defected or came from elsewhere and were promoted. They usually had their own flagship, which was typically the most powerful warship in the fleets which they were part of. Fleet Commanders were often targets of assassins and bounty hunters hired by the enemy. In the Rebel assault on Kamino, Touler served as the Imperial fleet commander. During the Battle of Endor, Gherant served aboard the Super Star Destroyer Executor as the Fleet Commander of the massive Imperial armada assigned to protect the second Death Star.
Fleet Director of Strategy was the title given to Admiral Ackbar upon his limited return from retirement in 27 ABY.
Flight Cadet was a rank in the Alliance to Restore the Republic. During the early stages of the Galactic Civil War prior to the Battle of Hoth, it was the lowest rank, and was identifiable as being a white bare patch on the left shoulder, similar to the later Recruit rank. Post-Battle of Hoth, it was above Cadet (also known as Recruit) and below Flight officer, was the second lowest rank, and was a red-trimmed square patch on the same location, and completely bare on the interior.
Flight Commander was a role in the Imperial Navy during the reign of the Galactic Empire. A Flight Commander instructed a speeder bike class at the Royal Imperial Academy that included Thane Kyrell, Ciena Ree, and Nash Windrider. Following the Battle of Jakku, Windrider served as a Flight Commander aboard the attack cruiser Garrote.
Flight Commander was a military rank in use by the Alliance to Restore the Republic and the Galactic Empire during the early years of the Galactic Civil War. Margo "Pepper" Flarestream held this rank during the Last Stand at Refnar, as did Imperial pilot Mallop.
Within most organized galactic armed forces, flight leader referred to the officer in a position of authority over a squads (or flights) of starfighters, or other aerial military formations. The Beast Riders, warriors who hailed from the jungle wilderness of the planet Onderon, employed flight leaders in direct command of squadrons of Beast Riders, which were known as "wings". During the Beast Wars, they were tasked by Commander Gobee to continue their assault on the defensive battlements of Iziz, the capital city of Onderon. Jedi Master Corran Horn was a flight leader within the ranks of the renowned Rogue Squadron.
Flight Lieutenant was a military rank in use by the Galactic Empire. Flight Lieutenant was a rank used by the Starfighter Corps. It ranked above Flight Officer, and below Flight Captain. The rank was the equivalent of Imperial Navy Junior Lieutenant and Imperial Army Lieutenant. Imperial pilot Rignik held the rank shortly after the Battle of Hoth. Flight lieutenants like ranks above it command pilots to enforce the Empire with numbers.
Flight officer was the lowest commissioned rank of the starfighter corps of the Rebel Alliance, the New Republic, the Galactic Empire and the Galactic Alliance Defense Force (not counting flight cadetStar Wars: X-Wing or cadet/recruit, in the case of the Rebel Alliance). Its rank insignia for the Rebel Alliance pre-Battle of Hoth was a patch on the left shoulder, with the interior possessing a yellow bump in the center, while post-Battle of Hoth, it was similar to the rank of flight cadet pre-Battle of Hoth or cadet post-Battle of Hoth, albeit with a gold trim border. In the Rebel Alliance, it was either below the rank of Lieutenant (pre-Battle of Hoth) or below Lieutenant Junior Grade (post Battle of Hoth). Within Imperial Military, Flight Officer was the lowest officer rank used by the Starfighter Corps. It ranked below Flight Lieutenant. This specialist rank was the equivalent of Imperial Navy Ensign, Imperial Army Officer, and Engineering Division Officer.
Flight Officer was a rank in the Galactic Republic, Galactic Empire, and the Resistance. The rank was used by the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars. During the Battle of Umbara, a flight officer reported to Jedi General Pong Krell that three starfighters had been launched. Pilot Zin Graw of the 204th Imperial Fighter Wing held the rank of flight officer. In 34 ABY, the rank was held by Huetrin Jones, a member of the Resistance who was stationed at the Resistance base on D'Qar during their evacuation of the base.
Frontiersman was the lowest rank in Churhee's Riflemen.
General was a senior rank in various armies, including the Imperial Army, the Grand Army of the Republic, the Separatist Droid Army, the Alliance Army, the Resistance army, and the First Order army. Generals were part of an army's hierarchy, as opposed to admirals, who had a high role in a navy. Gungan leader Boss Nass was so impressed with Jar Jar Binks' role in bringing the Gungan and Naboo people together that he promoted Binks to the rank of Bombad General. The clumsy Binks was one of the commanders of the Gungan Grand Army during the Trade Federation's invasion of Naboo.  During the Clone Wars, the rank of Jedi General was bestowed on the Knights and Masters of the Jedi Order, giving them authority to lead the Galactic Republic's military forces. Grievous was once a feared general of the Confederacy of Independent Systems. Armitage Hux was the highest-ranking general in the forces of the First Order, subservient only to Supreme Leader Snoke and his apprentice Kylo Ren.
General was a high-level military rank, often denoting the commander of an army. It was widely used among the armed forces of both major galactic powers and more localized militaries. Generals were typically senior officers posted to command ground troops, special operations forces, and starfighter commands. The rank normally didn't exist among spacefaring navies, where the comparable rank of Admiral was used instead. Specialized divisions within large fleet organizations, however (such as the integrated starfighter forces of the New Republic Defense Force), often retained the rank of General, while a minority of interstellar fleets, such as the Dornean navy, favored General in place of Admiral as the standard term for senior capital ship commanders. Some officers integrated into the command structure who hold a function similar to that of an admiral (such as former Senator Garm Bel Iblis) hold the rank of general instead, muddying the classification waters further. Often, a military rank-hierarchy would contain a number of different grades of General, known collectively as General officers. The titles used were usually, though not always, variations on the basic rank of "General" (i.e. Brigadier or Major General), and officers holding such ranks could normally be addressed as "General" for brevity. A General was usually outranked by a Marshal, though some militaries used very different systems. In the Grand Army of the Republic, for example, a simple "General" was in fact the lowest of the three recorded grades of general officer.As long as there have been forces of warriors to command, there have been generals to lead them, such as the semi-legendary pirate-general Toleph-Sor in the earliest days of the Galactic Republic. However, evidence of usage of the rank of General is first clearly seen during the Mandalorian Wars and the Jedi Civil War, shortly after 4000 BBY. The Jedi Exile served as a General in the volunteer army raised by Revan to prosecute the war against the Mandalorians, while General Vaklu was the military commander serving Queen Talia of the planet Onderon. Yusanis, a leader of the Echani warriors, is also described as a general. The rank of General may also have existed in the Republic Navy at this time, but Admirals such as Cede, Saul Karath and Forn Dodonna were more common. A General Derred is mentioned as defecting with Revan at the start of the Jedi Civil War, but little is known of this officer's career, and it is possible that their rank of General represented a commission in Revan's forces rather than the Republic military. Little clear evidence survives of the rank's usage over the next two thousand years of relative peace, but the title of General continued to be used among the Jedi Order during the New Sith Wars of c. 2000–1000 BBY, as it had been in Revan's time. By the end of that long series of conflicts, the Army of Light consisted of Legions, each led by a General like the Twi'lek Jedi Knight Newar Forrth. After the subsequent Ruusan Reformation, the Jedi reinvented themselves as peacekeepers rather than warriors, and the military forces of the Republic were reduced and reorganized under the authority of the Judicial Department. For a thousand years, there is once again little evidence of the existence of general officers, but as before, the Republic's military continued to be regarded primarily as a naval organization, and its officers generally used naval ranks, with senior officers—if any existed—being ranked as Admirals. Some forces under federal command did retain army ranks, such as the Senate Guard, but they were not large enough to warrant the appointment of general officers; while the Republic might still have some sort of Navy, it was widely accepted that there was no standing Army. Of course, Generals continued to be found serving in many local militaries and militias across the galaxy. On Annoo-dat, for example, General Ashaar Khorda attempted to seize power in a coup, while the military of the planet Typha-Dor was led by an officer with the rank of High General, a position filled by a woman named Bycha shortly before the outbreak of the Clone Wars. The Gungan Grand Army on Naboo also contained a rank of General, borne by warriors like Tobler Ceel, and Bombad General, an apparently higher rank bestowed on Jar Jar Binks by Boss Rugor Nass. Yet while some of these generals became known throughout the Republic, the forces they commanded rarely operated on much above the planetary scale. It appears, though, that at least one man did regard himself as a general officer in the service of the Republic in the decades before the outbreak of the Clone Wars. In 44 BBY, Ranulph Tarkin the Republic Senator for Eriadu and Seswenna sector, claimed the rank of General, and in spite of a lack of ratification by the Galactic Senate, he mobilized a federal fleet under his own command to fight in the Stark Hyperspace War. Regardless of the exact nature of Senator Tarkin's status as General, however, it must be noted that in 22 BBY, his cousin, Gideon, already held the rank of Brigadier before the passing of the Military Creation Act, when he welcomed a squadron of Jedi Starfighters to bolster the Republic defenses on Eriadu. A Republic loyalist, he would later serve in the reborn federal military during the Clone Wars, although it is not certain how he perceived his commission before the outbreak of the conflict. At the outbreak of the Clone Wars in 22 BBY, knights of the Jedi Order were appointed as Generals to command the Grand Army of the Republic, leading a fighting force that initially consisted entirely of clone troopers supplied by Kamino. Additionally, alongside these Jedi Generals, GAR formations up to Corps level had a parallel hierarchy of Clone Commanders bred for battlefield leadership: it is not clear to what extent these men were considered as general officers, but the overall structure of the command hierarchy can be outlined thus: High Jedi Generals commanded the ten Systems Armies.Senior Jedi Generals commanded the twenty Sector Armies.Jedi Generals commanded each Corps alongside a Clone marshal commander, and each Legion alongside a Senior clone commander.Smaller units were led by Jedi and clone officers with the rank of Commander. All Jedi Masters, and perhaps even Jedi Knights, were apparently given the authority of Generals in the GAR, but it is not clear whether Senior General and High General were abstract grades of general rank bestowed on individual Jedi personally, or whether they were essentially temporary positions, attached to specific levels of army command.Over the course of the war, non-Jedi troops were gradually integrated into the line forces of the Republic's military, including general officers such as General Bavris, the Lutrillian General Solomahal, and Brigadiers like Gideon Tarkin and Locus Geen. By the time of the Declaration of a New Order in 19 BBY, the military thus had an extensive cadre of general officers who were neither Jedi nor clones, who could provide leadership for the new Imperial Army. In the military forces of the opposing Confederacy of Independent Systems, general officers were also known, although usage of the rank was perhaps more restricted than in the Republic hierarchy. General Grievous, as Supreme Commander of the Droid Armies was regarded as the most senior Separatist military commander during most of the Clone Wars, and the Sith garrison world of Thule was also commanded by a General. However, some of the Confederacy's most senior officers seem to have used the more generic title of Commander instead of General, such as the Force-sensitive women Asajj Ventress.The Confederacy of Independent Systems relied heavily on the T-series tactical droids and used them as generals and fleet commanders. Rank InsigniaGeneral |- Dossiers belonging to the Rebel Alliance outlined a hierarchy of general ranks within the Imperial Army forces deployed within a Sector: Supreme Commander (Darth Vader) commanding the Imperial Army, the Imperial Navy and all the Imperial forces.Surface Marshal commanding a Sector Army.High General commanding a Systems Army.General commanding an ArmyMajor General commanding a Corps or garrison Corps HQHigh Colonel commanding a Battlegroup. It is not clear, however, whether this summary reflects the gradation of substantive general ranks within the Imperial military, nor is it known how strictly the connection of ranks and was adhered to in practice. For example, command of a Battlegroup could certainly be held by a Major General, probably using the title of High Colonel, as with Tessala Corvae and the 1st Tapani Assault Battlegroup. At the top of the hierarchy, Surface Marshal seems to have been a title borne by the Moff or his senior subordinate General, rather than a substantive military rank. The chain of command could also evolve over time, and such changes could be reflected in changes in the grades of general officers: the High General and Systems Army had been inherited from the GAR, although numbers had proliferated to such a degree that what had once been the premier command rank had become an essentially administrative position embedded within each Sector Army. Nor can it be said for sure that High General was a substantive rank, rather than a title denoting a Systems Army command. Moreover, it is by no means that each Sector's Surface Marshal had even one full field army at his disposal, although conversely it is known that troublesome individual planets such as Derilyn in Elrood sector could boast a complete Sector Army as their garrison, even where the naval Sector Group was small. Other sources reveal other ranks of General: a Brigadier is known to have been a senior officer with Blizzard Force during the Battle of Hoth, while Malcor Brashin, victor of the Battle of Kalaan, is identified as a Grand General. Given that stormtroopers formed an important element of both these officers' commands, it is possible (though by no means certain) that the ranks of Brigadier and Grand General were specific to the Stormtrooper Corps, perhaps replacing High Colonel and Surface Marshal within that hierarchy. Nor were general ranks restricted just to the commanders of men performing the traditional functions of army troops. For instance, Generals served with the starfighter forces of the Imperial Navy, and also in the Imperial Security Bureau. It is not known for sure how the different grades of general rank within these arms of the military were organized, however: they may have paralleled Army or Stormtrooper forces, but there may have also been specific variations and idiosyncrasies. The standard rank insignia of an Imperial General seems to have been four red tabs above four blue, with a single code cylinder at the left shoulder. Although some variations are known, both in the number of code cylinders and the number of rank pips, it is possible that these denoted increased grades of authority relating to specific posting, rather than variations in substantive rank. After the Battle of Endor, regular promotions through general ranks continued in some parts of the Empire: Colonel Freja Covell was promoted to Major General after Endor, and subsequently elevated by Grand Admiral Thrawn to become General commanding all Army forces attached to the main strategic fleet. However, in some areas, the chain of command broke down as Warlords seized power, and. By 12 ABY, for example, one Warlord, an officer named Sander Delvardus, was claiming the rank of Superior General for himself—apparently a calque on "High General".In the Alliance to Restore the Republic, Generals were found in all arms of the military except the capital ship forces of the Fleet: Starfighter Command, Intelligence, SpecForce, and Sector Command. The rank, regardless whether it is the Alliance Army or starfighter corps,Star Wars: X-WingStar Wars: X-Wing Alliance or whether on the chest or on the left shoulder generally utilized five dots depicted in an X-like formation. At least up to the Battle of Endor, the rank of General within the Rebel Alliance's starfighter corps was the highest rank, being directly above the rank of Commander, with its shoulder insignia remaining the same save for minute differences prior to and post-Battle of Hoth (i.e. the bumps being yellow pre-Battle of Hoth and red post-Battle of Hoth, and there being a gold trimmed border to the shoulder insignia post-Battle of Hoth when there was originally simply a silver patch pre-Battle of Hoth). The rank of General commanded sufficient prestige within the Rebel forces for it to be borne even by the Supreme Allied Commanders, the senior officers of individual arms of the military who collectively formed the High Command. In Intel, the position of Supreme Commander seems always to have been held by General, first Vernan and then Airen Cracken, while similarly, Crix Madine of SpecForces and Jan Dodonna of Starfighter Command, were both Generals, but some Marshal ranks (which we would expect to be more senior) are also known, although their exact position is not entirely clear. Marshal Pashna Starkiller of Starfighter Command was probably Dodonna's predecessor, and Ground Marshal Haras Jundop, said to have been in charge of Alliance surface troops, may have been Madine's forerunner at SpecForces; but the Ground Marshal might alternatively have been commander of SecCom, as individual Sector Commands affiliated to the Alliance were typically led by one or more general officers, such as Trep Reskan in Brak sector. Other generals were also found in the forces under the direct control of Alliance High Command—men such as Vanden Willard, the base commander at Yavin. After the Battle of Endor, the usage of General ranks in the New Republic seems to have remained broadly as it had been under the Alliance, although the high command was reorganized, with a single position of Supreme Commander emerging as the Fleet asserted its dominance over every other aspect of the military except the intelligence apparatus. Nevertheless, the ranks of General and Admiral bestowed equivalent command authority, graded 'C-1', and Starfighter Command officers like Wedge Antilles often opted to retain their existing title of General when appointed to fleet commands, as did the Dornean Etahn A'baht during the Black Fleet Crisis. Little is known of gradations of general ranks within the Rebel Alliance and New Republic. As mentioned above, some Marshal rank apparently existed at an early stage, and by the time of the Battle of Yuuzhan'tar in 29 ABY, a rank of Major General had been introduced by the Galactic Alliance; but there are surprisingly few examples of distinct grades of General officer in the intervening decades. The disappearance of Marshals from active service and the subsequent lack of evidence may mean that differentiation of rank among general officers was kept relatively tightly constrained until the expansion of the military in the war against the Yuuzhan Vong. Alternatively, evidence may simply be lacking. New Republic Intelligence, which evolved out of the separation of Intel from the combat military, had senior personnel with the rank of Brigadier, who could be considered at least quasi general officers; but it is not certain that NRI actually had any rank of General. It is true that the heads of NRI were often Generals, such as Cracken and Carlist Rieekan, but these men had held their rank since the days of the Alliance, and Admiral Dif Scaur, who was Director of Intelligence during the Yuuzhan Vong invasion, had earned his flag rank in the Navy as commander of the Fourth Fleet. Lastly, mention must be made of the perplexing rank of Etahn A'baht. The Dornean officer's status as "General" during the Black Fleet Crisis of 16-17 ABY was explicitly equivalent to that of an Admiral—indeed, he outranked Admiral Tolokus during the campaign. In 26 ABY, however, he is found as a Brigadier General, a rank which we would expect to have been equivalent to a mere Commodore in the Navy. It is possible that this title was an eccentric attempt to provide an army-style alternative to the senior command title of Commodore, which was separate from the substantive rank of the same name; alternatively, it might be that A'baht had transferred from the line military to New Republic Intelligence, as Bren Derlin, Rieekan and Dif Scaur had done before him, and that his rank of Brigadier General was a grade within the NRI hierarchy.
Generalirius was a military rank used in the Unknown Regions. During the Nikardun campaigns, the flag officer of an Unidentified Battle Dreadnought referred to one of his superior officers as Generalirius, leading Chiss Expansionary Defense Fleet admiral Ar'alani to wonder whether the term might be related to the title of Generalissimo.
The generalissimi was a high rank within the Atrisian Empire, often attributed to warlords. Holders of this rank often used a selfsame appellation of "Warlord of the Empire." It was rumored that this rank, more specifically the self-same appellation, had been the inspiration for the title of Warlord of the Empire within the Galactic Empire.
Generalissimo was a political and military rank used by several Unknown Regions nations past the Tarleev from Chiss Space, referring to someone who was both the chief military commander and the chief civilian leader. Chiss Expansionary Defense Fleet admiral Ar'alani thought the term Generalirius might be related to that term.
Guardian of the People was the title taken by the leader of the Peacekeepers, the law enforcement and security forces of the Outbound Flight Colony. Jorad Pressor held the position in 22 ABY.
Guardsman was the lowest rank in the Ailon Nova Guard.
Gunner mate was an enlisted qualification in the Rebel Alliance Fleet. Skilled gunner Kesin Ommis served as a gunner mate aboard the EF76 Nebulon-B escort frigate Tharen prior to the Battle of Hoth.
A gunnery instructor was a type of instructor at the Imperial Academy.
Gunnery master was a rank in the Prakith navy.
Gunnery Sergeant was an enlisted rank in the navies of the Galactic Republic, Galactic Empire, and New Republic. Clone tank gunner Stew was a Gunnery Sergeant aboard the Endurance.
A Hangar Deck Officer was a position aboard Imperial starships. Lieutenant Klito held this position aboard the Victory-class Star Destroyer Subjugator.
The title of High General indicated a senior position within the Imperial Army. A High General normally controlled a Systems Army, a largely bureaucratic level of command immediately subordinate to the Surface Marshal in charge of a Sector Army, and consisting simply of a non-combatant headquarters detail, responsible for coordinating front-line Corps and Armies, and keeping track of the resources available within a sector, so that they could be deployed in support of those field formations as required. They were sometimes referred to by the title of Commander.The title of High General was not limited to the Imperial military, however. Shortly before the outbreak of the Clone Wars, the military commander of the planet Typha-Dor was High General Bycha, and during the subsequent conflict, the rank of High Jedi General was given to the Jedi Generals commanding the ten Systems Armies in the Grand Army of the Republic. These Jedi officers were presumably in some ways prototypes of the later High Generals of the Imperial Army, but the significance of the rank of High General may have evolved considerably under the Empire, as the organization of the associated Systems Army formation certainly did. During the Galactic Civil War, the title was also used by the Rebel Alliance. The title was also used as far back as the Hundred-Year Darkness by Ajunta Pall, the leader of the Dark Jedi.Cassio TaggeHestivSutt RamicTounoUnidentified Imperial data officer
High Marshal was a Galactic Republic military rank used during the Clone Wars by the Iron Knights. High Marshals were appointed by the Supreme Chancellor. Ilum and Dragite were High Marshals when they reemerged years before the Yuuzhan Vong War. High Marshal is also the highest rank in the mercenary group, Ailon Nova Guard.
Home Guard Commodore was the official title borne by the commanding officer of the Sullustan Home Guard.
Honored Overlord was a title taken by several Imperial warlords.
Intelligence officer was a military rank. An ARC trooper served as an intelligence officer with the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars. Intelligence Officers were also members of Alliance Intelligence assigned to Alliance to Restore the Republic bases to interpret Intelligence reports. The Galactic Empire made use of Intelligence officers. Commander Biros Baran served as Eyrie Base's Intelligence Officer in 3 ABY.
While the Jedi Order was not a military organization, in times of need its members often became Jedi Generals to lead Republic military forces.The earliest generals fought in the Mandalorian Wars as Revanchists, opposing the Neo-Crusader invasion. The end result was them falling to the dark side of the Force and forming a Sith Empire. During the Great Galactic War and following Galactic War, many Jedi led Republic troopers into battle against the reconstituted Sith Empire. Jedi were assigned to serve as generals (some as Lords) of the Army of Light during the New Sith Wars. Most of those still alive by the Seventh Battle of Ruusan perished in that battle. During the Clone Wars, most Jedi Knights and Masters were given the rank of general. ORBAT for the Grand Army of the Republic accommodated for 80 Jedi Generals in command of corps (along with a clone marshal commander) and 320 in command of legions (along with a senior clone commander). There were also High Jedi Generals in command of the ten Systems Armies, and Senior Jedi Generals in command of the twenty Sector Armies. Padawans were given the rank of Jedi Commander and put in command of each of the army's 1,280 regiments. There were also Jedi of other rank, such as Colonel Tyneir Renz. Some Jedi refused to accept their new military status and left the Order, while others still chose to work undercover rather than on the battlefield. Many of the Jedi officers died during the war against the Separatists, and clone troopers killed most of the remaining generals when Order 66 was executed by Supreme Chancellor Palpatine, a Sith Lord. Jedi Generals during the Mandalorian WarsRevanMalakMeetra SurikCale BerkonaArren KaeXaset TerepCariaga SinNisotsaTalvon Esan Jedi Generals during the New Sith WarsJedi LordsValenthyne FarfallaGaleHothSaleehKiel CharnyNewar ForrthCrian MaruPernicar Jedi Generals during the Stark Hyperspace WarPlo KoonOppo RancisisSaesee TiinTyvokka Jedi Generals during the Clone Wars (as of 19 BBY)Divided into High Jedi Generals, Senior Jedi Generals, and the common Jedi Generals. Specific rank stated where known.Stass AllieRees AlrixXiaan Amersu, Jedi GeneralAusar AusetDaakman BarrekSoon BaytsZ'meer BothuEmpatojayos BrandWaldan BridgerIri CamasTsui ChoiRoron CorobbRoblio DartéIma-Gun DiT'chooka D'oonRii'ke EnKit FistoGlynn-BetiWom-Nii GnadenNejaa HalcyonEeth KothA'Sharad HettDarrus JehtDass JennirJmmaarAdi GalliaKai Justiss, Jedi GeneralColeman KcajObi-Wan Kenobi, High Jedi GeneralKi-Adi-MundiRahm Kota, Jedi GeneralRonhar KimK'Kruhk, Jedi GeneralAgen KolarPlo KoonPong KrellVoolvif MonnLeskaSaras LoorneFoul MoudamaNorcunaBarriss Offee, Jedi GeneralKazdan Paratus, Jedi GeneralPablo-JillPh'tonEven PiellPurothOppo RancisisShon Kon RayRy-Gaul, Senior Jedi GeneralBolla RopalT'ra SaaAayla Secura, Jedi GeneralEchuu Shen-JonRoan ShryneSev YodaSimmsAnakin Skywalker, Jedi GeneralBultar Swan, Jedi GeneralShaak Ti High Jedi GeneralSaesee TiinEtain Tur-Mukan, Jedi GeneralTyffixTyrLuminara Unduli, Senior Jedi GeneralNahdar Vebb, Jedi GeneralSilmis VeyQuinlan Vos, Jedi GeneralMace Windu, High Jedi GeneralArligan ZeyKento MarekMallie MarekHalsey Jedi Generals during the Yuuzhan Vong WarUnlike the Clone Wars Generals, Jedi who served as commanders in the New Republic and Galactic Alliance forces were generally serving members of those Governments' military arms, often with long decades of professional experience behind them. Keyan FarlanderKenth Hamner
Junior Lieutenant, or Lieutenant Junior Grade (abbreviated as Lieutenant JG), was a junior officer rank in some military organizations. Jams served as a junior lieutenant in the Imperial Navy during the Age of the Empire. The rank insignia plaque of a junior lieutenant featured either two red squares sitting on top of two blue, which could also be the same as a regular lieutenant, or a line of two blue squares. Prior to joining the newly formed Inferno Squad shortly after the Battle of Yavin, Gideon Hask served as a Lieutenant JG.
Junior Lieutenant, also known as Lieutenant Junior Grade, was a military rank in the military forces of the Galactic Empire, the Alliance to Restore the Republic and the Galactic Federation of Free Alliances. This line rank was used by the Imperial Navy and one of the four ranks that together encompass the overall position of Lieutenant. It ranked above Ensign, and below Senior Lieutenant. The rank was the equivalent of Imperial Army Lieutenant and Starfighter Corps Flight Lieutenant. In the Alliance Starfighter Corps, post-Battle of Hoth, it was above Flight Officer and below Lieutenant. It was identifiable by a gold-trimmed patch on the left shoulder, with a small red dot just to the right of the center. It was held by Vocis Kenit immediately after he graduated from the Imperial Academy on Lianna, during the years just following the creation of the New Order. In the Galactic Alliance Guard, it was held by Beta Ioli and Ben Skywalker.
Junior officers formed the lowest operational commissioned officer category of military ranks, ranking below senior officers in the Starfleet of the Galactic Empire. Those junior officers were ensigns, junior lieutenants, and senior lieutenants. The various First Order personnel aboard the Mega-class Star Dreadnought Supremacy were technically closer to this rank, although they held ranks much higher than that such as lieutenant and gunnery chief. This was because various members of the First Order's military forces were trained for direct combat since birth.
Lance corporal was a military rank used by the Sith Eternal for their Sith troopers. A lance corporal led two other corporals in a triad, and three lance corporals that commanded three triads were then under the command of a Sith trooper sergeant.
Lieutenant was a low level commissioned rank utilized primarily by various military forces such as the Grand Army of the Republic, which used Clone Lieutenants, the Imperial Army, and by police services such as the Coruscant Security Force. It could also be used as a title in various organizations such as the Trade Federation or the Black Sun criminal syndicate to mean someone who was second in command. For a time, Luke Skywalker held this rank within the Rebel Alliance. Within the Imperial Military there was also the rank of Junior Lieutenant, and one Junior Lieutenant in the Galactic Empire was Jams. Another variant of the rank was Senior Lieutenant.
Lieutenant Colonel (LT. Colonel) was a military rank used by the Galactic Empire. Erle Hovlinn possessed the rank by the time of the Battle of Xorrn, commanding the two battalions within the task force of Captain Ralchio Nervi.The military rank of Lieutenant Colonel (LT. Colonel) was an army rank that was used by the Galactic Empire. A lieutenant colonel was subordinate to that of a full colonel, and was responsible for forces during a colonel's absence or served as an assistant to the colonel. Additionally, a lieutenant colonel served as the commanding officer of two battalions, and could serve in the capacity of ground commander when attached to an Imperial Navy task force.The rank of lieutenant colonel was active by 14 BBY. At that time, one officer of the Empire held the rank, and commanded Imperial forces on the planet Ryloth in the absence of Colonel Belkor Dray. During an Imperial mission to Ryloth undertaken by Galactic Emperor Palpatine and his enforcer Darth Vader to quell the Free Ryloth Movement, the ISD Perilous was attacked and shot down. After Colonel Dray resumed his command, the lieutenant colonel continued to assist their commanding officer. In 5 BBY, the rebel group led by Saw Gerrera known as the Partisans undertook a scouting mission to Tamsye Prime. There, they infiltrated an Imperial documentary crew of the Imperial Broadcast, of which Lieutenant Colonel Senjax was a member of. Once the identity of the rebels was uncovered, the LT. Colonel laid a trap, though the Partisans were able to escape. Imperial forces launched an aerial strike of the area without regard for civilian lives in an attempt to stop the Partisans, resulting in Senjax being injured. In the aftermath, Senjax appeared on the HoloNet to recount the events on Tamsye Prime to the public, but fabricated and misinformed the viewers in order to hide the Empire's actions during the event. During the Galactic Civil War, an invasion force that consisted of two battalions was led by Lieutenant Colonel Erle Hovlinn and was stationed on the Gladiator-class Star Destroyer Blood Ambition, the flagship of Captain Ralchio Nervi and his task force. During the war, Captain Nervi initiated the Battle of Xorrn against the Old Mandalorians and the Clan Assembly in order to hide his past in fear of being revealed as a Force-sensitive. LT. Colonel Hovlinn deployed his ground forces on Xorrn, but the Imperials were eventually defeated when the Allied Armada of the Alliance to Restore the Republic arrived.
The rank of Lieutenant Colonel was a rank used by a number of military hierarchies, including ground forces and some starfighter forces. Typically, it was placed between Major and Colonel. During the Clone Wars, the rank of Lieutenant Colonel was held by senior field officers among the non-clone troops attached to the Grand Army of the Republic, such as Colonel Ejai and Colonel Kreen, the latter being the commander of an engineering battalion. The rank of Lieutenant Colonel was relatively rare in the Galactic Civil War, but the title was normally used in the Imperial Army for the officers commanding Regiments of up to 4,000 soldiers, as well as the Stormtrooper Corps, also for officers commanding a regiment. It was also borne by some Rebel Alliance officers, such as commando leader Palpatine Essex Yerac and Beryl Chiffonage, the tactician who developed the "Rogue Doctrine" for airspeeder tactics. Due to the often improvised nature of the Rebel military, however, there does not seem to be much consistency. The rank became more common during the Yuuzhan Vong War, however. It was the rank to which New Republic Intelligence officer Belindi Kalenda was demoted following the fake defection attempt of Elan, and by the time that the Galactic Alliance was formed, it was held by many starfighter squadron leaders, including Jaina Solo.
Lieutenant Commander was a military rank used by several navies and starfighter corps. It ranked between Lieutenant and Commander (or in the case of some starfighter corps, between Captain and Commander). Given that a Naval Lieutenant (as a rule) equated to an Army Captain, a Lieutenant Commander equated roughly to a Major. In the Rebel Alliance's starfighter corps., the rank of Lieutenant Commander was adopted post-Battle of Hoth, and was ranked between Captain and Commander. Its insignia was a gold-trim patch on the left shoulder blade with two large red dots, one for each of the top corners, and one small red dot on the bottommost center, a similar design for the design for the rank of Captain pre-Battle of Hoth.Star Wars: X-Wing Galactic RepublicUssin FajinakLorth Needa Galactic EmpireArdanVillian DanceGins DaroneLorth Needa (for a time)Tanith SornJanna Tammok Alliance to Restore the RepublicZhir-KhanLuke SkywalkerBakki Sourthol Darth Krayt's Galactic EmpireFehlaaur'aitel'loro
Lieutenant General was a rank held by Brockway who led the New Republic's ground forces during the Battle of Jakku.
Lieutenant General was a grade of general.
Lieutenant Major was a rank in-use by the military of the reconstituted Sith Empire during the Cold War.
Lieutenant was a rank widely used in military, paramilitary or police organizations, normally borne by low-ranking commissioned officers. It was higher than a second lieutenant and lower than a captain. In space fleets, most lieutenants were found in command of small vessels, as senior officers aboard medium-sized vessels and as junior and mid-ranking command personnel on large capital ships. Surface forces often saw lieutenants holding the lowest level of field commands (such as platoons in the Imperial Army), as aides to more senior officers, or as vehicle operators. Sometimes, clone lieutenants were given command of fleets and ground forces. One such person was clone trooper Lieutenant Trapper, who led a platoon of men at the Battle of Malastare.Starfighter forces placed lieutenants as junior officers, rarely any higher in the command hierarchy than lead of a wing-pair. Even a flight of three or four fighters was rarely led by a lieutenant, although exceptions were made when there was a general lack of senior or experienced officers. In the months before the Battle of Yavin, Hamo Blastwell even commanded Red Squadron as a lieutenant. Within the Empire, the rank of lieutenant had two different insignias, each representing a specific time period. Prior to the Battle of Yavin, the rank of lieutenant was represented by four blue squares and two code cylinders. In addition, the rank of lieutenant or higher was required to man the Command sector duty posts onboard the Death Stars, as well as given the task of supervising the command sectors. In the aftermath of Yavin, due to the events resulting from the destruction of the first Death Star, it was represented by an interim plaque of two red squares above two blue squares, and one code cylinder that was in effect until the reorganization had been concluded. Fleet Admiral Holt implied during his indoctrination speech at the Imperial Naval Academy that the rank of lieutenant is earned by spending 30 months of rigorous physical and academic training at the academy. Somewhat confusingly, in the starfighter forces of both the Imperial military and the New Republic, the title "lieutenant" could be used to address not only flight lieutenants, but also the more junior flight officers. In the Rebel Alliance's starfighter corps pre-Battle of Hoth the rank of lieutenant stood between flight officer and captain and was identifiable via a silver patch on the left shoulder with two yellow bumps, one on the top-center and the bottom-center, respectively.Star Wars: X-Wing Post-Battle of Hoth, it ranked between Lieutenant Junior Grade (a then-recent addition) and captain, and the insignia was subsequently changed to a patch with a gold trim-border and a red dot in the center, though as before it was placed on the left shoulder of the uniform. The rank of captain during the latter time period did, however, possess a similar rank insignia to that of lieutenant.
A line admiral was a rank in the Alliance Fleet that led a squadron, battle group, or a fleet.
Line Lieutenant was a rank that was held by Dramos Sanjin, a male Human stormtrooper who served the Empire of the Hand during the time of the New Republic.
Logistics officer was a position in the Imperial Navy during the Galactic Civil War. In 3 ABY, Imperial Commander Nemet served as the logistics officer aboard the Imperial II-class Star Destroyer Avenger. It was also a staff position in the Imperial Army, with a logistics officer typically being attached to battalion and regimental headquarters.
Lord High Admiral was a military title and rank which Princess Leia Organa believed that the former Imperial Admiral Harrsk had awarded himself.
Major was a rank used within a number of military organizations throughout the galaxy. In the Galactic Civil War both the Galactic Empire and the Alliance to Restore the Republic used the rank, with Newland and Bren Derlin holding the title in the two organizations respectively.OverviewThe military rank of major was an army and Starfighter Corps officer rank that was used by various militaries throughout galactic history. Majors had the capability of leading ground soldiers, starfighter squadrons, lead intelligence units, and assist higher-ranking officers.The Alliance to Restore the Republic utilized the rank of major in the Alliance Military, specifically the Alliance Army, the Rebel Alliance Starfighter Corps, the Rebel Alliance Intelligence Service, the Rebel Alliance Corps of Engineers, and the Rebel Alliance Special Forces. In the Alliance, the rank of major was above the military rank of captain but below commander. It was denoted on the rebel command insignia with three red pips on a square plaque, with two pips on a top row and the third at the center bottom.The First Order's armed forces continued the use of the rank of major. Members of its Starfighter Corps used the rank, as did the First Order army. A major in the Starfighter Corps could lead their own squadron, while a major in the ground forces of the First Order had the capability of serving as the commanding officer of an entire brigade.The Galactic Empire widely utilized the rank of major during the Imperial Era in various organizations. The Imperial Security Bureau utilized major within their rank structure, as did the Imperial Starfighter Corps, the ground troops of the Imperial Navy, and the Imperial Army. Majors could serve as the overall Stormtrooper Commander aboard an Imperial-class Star Destroyer, as well as serve as the commanding officer of a fighter wing or as the wing's second-in-command. The rank insignia plaque denoting the rank greatly varied. One version had six tiles, with four yellow and two red on the left side. This was the same plaque used by generals, though the general rank was differentiated with two code cylinders, one on each side of the uniform, whereas a major would have no cylinders. Another version used by officers in the Imperial Starfighter Corps had eight tiles divided into two rows, with the top rows being red tiles and the bottom containing blue tiles. A major in the Imperial Army could also have eight tiles divided into two rows, albeit only containing red tiles. Other majors with black Imperial uniforms used a rank plaque with four red tiles, while others used the standard uniform and had six tiles divided into two rows. Both rows had a single red tile on their right side, and the rest were blue tiles.The New Republic and its New Republic Defense Force continued the use of major as a military rank. The New Republic army utilized the rank, with a major being able to serve as the commanding officer of a contingent of reconnaissance forces. Additionally, a major could serve as the subordinate of a general within a battle group, and had the capability of commanding a group of two carriers. Majors also could be responsible for briefing squadron pilots after missions.The Resistance made use of major as an army rank, however, it also adapted it for use in its fleet forces. The Resistance rank badge denoted the army major in red symbols on a plated badge, and the same symbols in blue for a naval major. Similar to the Rebel Alliance, a major was ranked above a captain but below a commander. A medical doctor in the Resistance army could hold the rank of major.
Major was a military rank used by ground and commando forces (such as the Imperial Army) and also by many starfighter corps.  Rank InsigniaMajor |- In the Imperial service, a major ranked between a commander and a colonel. In the Imperial Army and Stormtrooper Corps, majors were typically battalion commanders, leading units of approximately 600 to 1000 soldiers, while in TIE Fighter formations, they were often the executive officers of entire wings of 72 fighters, like Major Dalgas. They also acted as senior advisors and aides to colonels, generals, and Moffs. One of the most prominent Imperial officers to hold the rank of major was a clone of Royal Guardsman Grodin Tierce, who was in virtual command of the Imperial Remnant's entire military while advising Moff Vilim Disra and Flim during the Caamas Document crisis. In the New Republic, the absorption of personnel from many different militaries with their own traditions may have caused a great deal of confusion in rank structure; but by the time of the Galactic Alliance, the rank of major had been firmly shifted down a grade to sit between captain and Lieutenant Colonel. In contrast to the Empire, Majors here were often found commanding smaller formations, for instance flights of a few fighters within a squadron unit. In the Galactic Alliance Guard, however, the rank of Major was still borne by battalion commanders like Salle Serpa. This may indicate a revival or continuance of the Imperial Army usage, but it could also have been a response to the anomalous situation of the entire GAG, including Star Destroyer and numerous ground units, being commanded by a colonel rather than a general or a flag officer.
Major General was a military rank within the Galactic Empire. Shortly after the Battle of Scarif and shortly before the Battle of Yavin, Chief of the Imperial Army aboard the DS-1 Death Star Mobile Battle Station and member of the Joint Chiefs Cassio Tagge held the rank. Cassio Tagge was eventually promoted to the rank of Grand General, and placed as the Supreme Commander of the Imperial Military.
Major General was a military rank, a junior or mid-ranking grade of General. In the Imperial Army, Major Generals usually commanded a Corps or a garrison Corps HQ. Some officers of this rank, however, appear to have served as the High Colonels of Battlegroups, such as Tessala Corvae of the 1st Tapani Assault Battlegroup. Maximilian Veers, the senior Army officer assigned to Executor and Death Squadron, was perhaps the most famous officer to hold the rank of Major General. Carner was a Major General of the Imperial Army stationed on Garos IV. Freja Covell was promoted to Major General by Captain Gilad Pellaeon and later commanded Chimaera entire Army force under Grand Admiral Thrawn's direct command.Dark Force Rising Sourcebook The rank of Major General was also used in other military forces, including those of the New Republic and Galactic Alliance: Eldo Davip was promoted from Commander to this rank after the Battle of Borleias.The New Jedi Order: The Unifying Force
Mandalore was the Basic transliteration of the title used by the supreme leader of the Mandalorian people and culture. In its truest, native rendering as Mand'alor, the title meant "sole ruler" in the Mandalorian language of Mando'a. Originating with Mandalore the First, the mythic leader of the Taung warriors who went on to become the first Mandalorians, Mand'alor became the title passed down for use by the subsequent leaders of the people for generations after. Functioning as a combination of both king and warrior general, the Mand'alor was the closest to a head of state the widespread Mandalorian clans possessed, and in addition to holding the secondary title of Al'Ori'Ramikade—"Commander of Supercommandos"—Mand'alor was the de facto ruler of the Mandalorians' conquered home planet, the eponymous Outer Rim world of Mandalore. Outsiders to the Mandalorian culture often respectfully addressed the Mandalorian leader as Lord Mandalore. The importance of the Mand'alor was reflected in the six tenets that outlined Mandalorian culture, the Resol'nare, one of which dictated that a Mandalorian rally to the Mand'alor when called upon. For years, the position of Mand'alor was traditionally symbolized by the passing of the mask of Mandalore upon the death of the previous owner, but in later times this custom had faded into antiquity, and new Mandalores needed only the support of the people to ascend to the role. Numerous Mandalores also took to adapting descriptive epithets, in order to distinguish themselves from those who came before and after. Following the foundation of the New Mandalorians, the pacifist sect rejected the authority of the clan-chosen Mandalores, and instead appointed their own leaders in opposition to those who ruled the warrior clans. The Death Watch, in turn, appointed their own Secret Mandalores in opposition to both the New Mandalorians and the unaffiliated warrior clans. During this period of social division in the Mandalorian culture, the traditionally chosen Mand'alor of the clans became known as the "True Mandalore", as a means of countering the claims of the New Mandalorian and Death Watch leaders. Throughout the history of the galaxy, at least twenty-three Mandalorians declared themselves Mand'alor, and met with varied degrees of success in their attempts to lead the Mandalorian people. The title of Mandalore was the Galactic Basic Standard transliteration of the Mando'a word Mand'alor, which meant "sole ruler" in the Mandalorian language. The position of Mand'alor was a combination of king, warlord, and general in function, often carrying with it the additional title of Al'Ori'Ramikade, "Commander of Supercommandos." A non-hereditary role, only a Mandalorian deemed worthy could claim the title of Mand'alor, exemplifying the Mandalorian meritocracy ideal. When the previous Mandalore fell or stepped down, a Mandalorian with both vision and strength could make a claim for the title, but if the other clans did not accept the individual as the new Mand'alor and recognize their authority, their duty was to remove the unsuitable claimant and institute a more favorable leader. The significance of the Mand'alor role in Mandalorian society was so great that one of the Resol'nare—the six basic tenets that defined Mandalorian culture—detailed the importance of loyalty toward the Mand'alor, and rallying to the Mandalorian leader when called upon. In addition to being the leader of the Mandalorian people, the Mand'alor was the de facto leader of the planet Mandalore, the Mandalorian homeworld with which the title shared its Basic-translated name. Both the planet and its leader had been granted such similar titles because Mandalore the planet and Mandalore the leader were supposed to be synonymous in the eyes of the Mandalorians, with the Mand'alor acting in the best interests of the planet and its people. Mandalorians referred to their leader either by title or by name, when on an informal basis. Non-Mandalorians, however, often addressed the Mand'alor by the formal title of "Lord Mandalore" when wishing to be respectful.Luke Skywalker and the Shadows of Mindor During times of war, the Mand'alor was expected to serve as a strong leader on the battlefield. During times of peace, it was the Mandalore's duty to liaise with the various clan chieftains who comprised a loose government, over which only the Mand'alor held greater authority in traditional Mandalorian society, in order to make decisions concerning the planet Mandalore, Mandalorian space, and Mandalorians living throughout the galaxy. When the Taung race was driven from Coruscant by the Human Battalions of Zhell in the years prior to the foundation of the Galactic Republic, they fled to the planet Roon. In 7000 BBY, under the leadership of the legendary Mandalore the First, the Taung traveled to a new world in the Outer Rim. Slaughtering the native mythosaur inhabitants, the Taung named the world Manda'yaim, or "home of Mandalore" in honor of their leader, in addition to recasting themselves as the Mandalorians or Mando'ade—"sons and daughters of Mandalore." It was the example of Mandalore the First that led to the title of Mandalore and its Mando'a equivalent of Mand'alor, to traditionally be used to signify the leader of the Mandalorian clans. Shortly before 4000 BBY, and some time after the reign of Mandalore the Conqueror, Mandalore the Indomitable had become the new Mand'alor. By this time, the position of Mand'alor was symbolized by the war mask of Mandalore, passed down to a successor when the previous leader perished. With an army of Mandalorian Crusaders, Mandalore led his warriors on a campaign to conquer new worlds that put him into conflict with the newly anointed Sith Lord, Ulic Qel-Droma. Mandalore was defeated in single combat on Kuar by the former Jedi, and thus pledged his service and the service of his warriors to the Sith. The Mandalorians engaged the Republic on behalf of the Brotherhood of the Sith, culminating in the battle at Onderon, where Mandalore fell, and a new warrior claimed his mask and the title of Mand'alor. Indomitable's successor, Mandalore the Ultimate, reorganized the Mandalorian warriors according to the Neo-Crusader movement, and led the Mandalorians into the Mandalorian Wars with the Republic, during which he conquered vast expanses of the galaxy. But Mandalore the Ultimate met his match in the rogue Jedi Knight Revan, who slew the Mand'alor on Malachor V and defeated the Neo-Crusader army. Following his victory, Revan claimed the mask of Mandalore for himself, and denied the Mandalorians the right of succession, allowing for the unified clans to fragment and scatter without direction. Though yet another Taung attempted to claim the title of Mand'alor, it wasn't until Revan gifted the mask to his trusted one time companion, the Mandalorian warrior named Canderous Ordo, that the tradition of the Mandalore was allowed to truly continue. Ordo took the sobriquet of "Mandalore the Preserver," and at the insistence of Revan, began to gather the scattered Mandalorian clans, establishing a headquarters on Onderon's moon, Dxun. Banding together under the banner of Clan Ordo, Mandalore the Preserver's assembled warriors aided Meetra Surik in battling against the forces of the Sith Triumvirate during the Dark Wars. However, in spite of Ordo's attempts to reunite the clans, the Mandalorians remained predominantly fragmented for several centuries. That all changed when a young Mandalorian gladiator rose to fame on the planet Geonosis: defeating all of his opponents with the help of Imperial Intelligence agents in the employ of the reconstituted Sith Empire, the gladiator used his notoriety to claim the title of Mand'alor. As the leader who became known as Mandalore the Lesser, the new Mand'alor rallied the widespread Mandalorian forces, but did so in accordance with the orders of his Sith masters. He blockaded the Hydian Way trade route, but was defeated by a contingent of smugglers. In an effort to regain support, Mandalore the Lesser initiated the galaxy-wide competition for glory known as the Great Hunt, only to be challenged by the victor, and killed. The Great Hunt's champion, Artus Lok, took the title of Mand'alor for himself, consolidating his power and defeating a pro-Republic Mandalorian schism led by Jicoln Cadera. Under the title "Mandalore the Vindicated," Artus ensured the Mandalorians remained allies of the Sith, albeit cautious and highly paid ones. Mandalore the Vindicated later died in battle against the forces of the Eternal Empire, and the famed Mandalorian bounty hunter Shae Vizla reluctantly took up the absent mantle, becoming "Mandalore the Avenger" as she led the fight against the Eternal Empire. Long after the reign of Mandalore the Avenger, the Mandalorian training master Jaing attempted to bring several Mandalorian clans under his guidance. However, by that time, a ruthless Mandalorian by the name of Ung Kusp asserted himself as Mandalore. An act of betrayal set Kusp against Jaing, and the Mand'alor loyal soldiers killed Jaing at the facilities of a cyberneticist in the Outer Rim. Jaing's apprentice, the Gen'Dai warrior known as Durge, vowed to avenge his fallen master and developed an intense hatred for the Mandalorian people. Durge's thirst for revenge led him to ally with a rogue group of Jedi Knights in 100 BBY, on a vengeful strike against the Mand'alor as retaliation for the Mandalorian genocide of the Ithullan race. The mercenary Aga Awaud returned home to Mandalore at the end of the New Sith Wars, only to find that his clan had been ravaged by the Candorian plague and the Mandalore sector was on the defensive against raiders and pirates. He rallied his scattered people to return and defend Mandalore, becoming "Mandalore the Uniter" as he rebuilt Mandalorian space. At some point during this era, the galaxy saw the rule of Mandalore the Hammerborn, Mandalore the Binder, and the rise of the female Mandalorian Ranah Teh Naast as "Mandalore the Destroyer"; history witnessed Naast lay siege to the city of Luon. Around 60 BBY, Jaster Mereel beat out Tor Vizsla for the position of Mand'alor. Determined to reform the increasingly amoral ways of the Mandalorian warrior clans since the destruction of the Ithullans, Mereel established the Supercommando Codex, guidelines dictating that any Mandalorian who wished to fight would behave as an honorable mercenary. Mereel's reforms were met with opposition both from the pacifistic New Mandalorian faction—who rejected the traditional authority of the Mandalores chosen by the warrior clans, often referred to during this time as "True Mandalores," instead appointing their own Mand'alor—and, more dangerously, by Tor Vizsla, who hated Mereel for stealing power over the Mandalorians away from him. With talk of returning the Mandalorians to their crusading roots and igniting another war of conquest, Vizsla gathered like-minded warriors to form the splinter group that came to be known as Death Watch, declaring himself the Mand'alor in secret. Mereel's loyal soldiers recast themselves as the "True Mandalorians" in turn, and civil war soon broke out. Mereel was killed by Vizsla during the course of the war, but the Mand'alor was succeeded by his surrogate son, Jango Fett. Fett led the Mandalorians throughout the rest of the war until the Battle of Galidraan, where the Death Watch deceived a team of Jedi into destroying the True Mandalorian army; Fett was the only survivor, but his subsequent stint as a slave courtesy of the Governor of Galidraan, and the loss of his comrades, made Fett bitter and distant from his people. He turned to a life as a bounty hunter until his death at the Battle of Geonosis. During the later years of Fett's reign as Mand'alor, in the time following the Great Clan Wars, when the Death Watch had attempted and failed to depose the New Mandalorian regime, the pacifist people appointed Satine Kryze as their own Mand'alor, refusing to recognize Fett. In the wake of Jango Fett's death in 22 BBY, the Mandalorian warrior clans were left without a proper Mand'alor. Pre Vizsla, kinsman of Tor Vizsla and the new leader of the Death Watch in hiding by 22 BBY, believed that he was in fact continuing the tradition of the Mand'alor in the face of the political dominance established by the New Mandalorian government.Star Wars: The Clone Wars The Complete Season Two In 20 BBY, the Death Watch was able to depose Kryze and the New Mandalorian leadership with the aid of a collective of crime lords led by the Sith Darth Maul, allowing Pre Vizsla to take his place at the head of both Death Watch and the New Mandalorian people. Unfortunately for him, Vizsla's rule was short lived: challenged for leadership by Maul after a betrayal of his former ally's trust, Vizsla was defeated and killed in a duel, after which Maul claimed the title of Secret Mandalore for himself, along with the right to rule Death Watch. Death Watch fragmented at the claim, with a portion of the sect refusing to follow the rule of a non-Mandalorian. Maul was later subdued by his former Sith Master Darth Sidious, and the New Mandalorians were left under the leadership of Prime Minister Almec, who was backed by Death Watch. The position of the traditional Mandalorian leader of the clans was filled once again with the arrival of Spar—a former ARC trooper and deserter from the Galactic Republic's clone army—on the planet Mandalore. There, spurred by the clan chieftain Fenn Shysa, Spar took the title "Mandalore the Resurrector," won out over the New Mandalorian faction, and led the Mandalorians in support of the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars. As the new Mand'alor, Spar waged war against the forces of the Republic with his army of Mandalorian Protectors until the disastrous mission to Norval II, where the only Mandalorians to escape from a Republic ambush alive were Spar, Shysa, and Shysa's friend Tobbi Dala. Returning to Mandalore, a traumatized Spar stepped down from being Mand'alor and left the position vacant again. With the rise of the Galactic Empire in 19 BBY and the Imperial occupation of Mandalore, Fenn Shysa was pressed to ascend to the role of Mand'alor as part of a covert campaign to force the Empire off the Mandalorian homeworld. Under Shysa's leadership, the Mandalorians won their freedom from the Empire, driving the Imperial forces off of Mandalore, and with the Mand'alor guidance, the Mandalorians flourished. Even still, Shysa's past came back to haunt him years later, when Jango Fett's clone son, Boba Fett, was hired to kill Shysa in revenge for his actions during the Clone Wars. Tracking the Mand'alor to the planet Shogun, Fett succeeded in killing the Mandalorian leader, but not as he had planned—coming under attack from the Sevvets, Shysa was mortally wounded after saving Fett's life. With Shysa unable to flee and Fett unwilling to leave the Mandalorian leader to a death at the hands of the Sevvets, Fett killed the Mand'alor as an act of mercy, but not before agreeing to Shysa's dying wish: Fett was to take Shysa's place as Mand'alor. True to his word, Fett became the new Mandalorian leader, and led the Mandalorians during the chaos of the extragalactic Yuuzhan Vong's invasion of the galaxy, first as the Vong's false allies while gaining intelligence on the strange new foes, then as the open enemies of the alien invaders. In the aftermath of the Yuuzhan Vong war, the restoration of Mandalore fell upon Fett's shoulders: the Mand'alor recalled millions of Mandalorians from around the galaxy to recoup the severe population loss incurred during the Vong attack on Mandalore, donated his own personal funds to the recovery effort, negotiated a trade treaty with the technologically gifted Verpine, and presided over the find of a new beskar iron ore lode, allocating the profits from the sale and manufacturing prospects of the metal for the betterment of Mandalore. Fett's prior relationship with Imperial Admiral Natasi Daala, elected Chief of State of the Galactic Alliance in 41 ABY, helped to establish a working relationship between the Mandalorians and the galactic government. By 127 ABY, Chernan Ordo had become Mand'alor. Acting on behalf of the Galactic Alliance at the start of the Sith–Imperial War, Ordo led the Mandalorians against the Imperial forces of Emperor Roan Fel during the battle at Botajef. However, Ordo was betrayed by his subordinate, Yaga Auchs, who orchestrated the Mand'alor demise and succeeded Ordo as the new leader of the Mandalorians. Following the orders of a secret master, Auchs ordered the Mandalorians back to the planet Mandalore, under the premise of rebuilding, just as Boba Fett had years earlier.Mandalore the First Mandalore the First was a mythic figure in Mandalorian history, an ancient leader of the Taung who led his warriors from Roon to conquer a new world which they named in their leader's honor. The loyal Taung also honored Mandalore by recasting themselves as the Mandalorians, or Mando'ade, "sons and daughters of Mandalore." Under Mandalore the First, the Taung tamed the savage landscape of the newly christened planet Mandalore, slaughtering the gigantic mythosaurs that had made the world their home. Mandalore the First began the tradition of all subsequent leaders of the Mandalorian people taking the title of Mandalore, or Mand'alor, a title meaning "sole ruler," and the native rendering of Mandalore the First's name. Following in the tradition established by Mandalore the First, another Mandalorian warrior claimed the title of Mand'alor. Leading the Mandalorians in a series of military campaigns to expand their resources and territory, Mandalore the Conqueror was instrumental in the formation of the Mandalorian Crusaders during the early campaigns in which the group came into being, and the Jedi Knight Revan was aware of the Mand'alor reign. Yet another Taung warrior rose through the ranks of the Mandalorian Crusaders and took up the position of Mand'alor, this time at a point prior to 4000 BBY. Mandalore the Indomitable led his Crusaders in a search of worthy foes to fight, taking part in several successful campaigns. In 3996 BBY, Mandalore the Indomitable set his sights on the Empress Teta system, only to run afoul of the fallen Jedi Ulic Qel-Droma, leading an army of the dark side-worshipping Krath cultists. Mandalore and Qel-Droma engaged in single combat on the planet Kuar, where the recently ordained Sith apprentice managed to overcome the Mandalorian leader. Defeated, Mandalore the Indomitable pledged his loyalty and that of his forces to Qel-Droma, drawing the Mandalorians into the growing Great Sith War. Loyal to his new liege, the Mand'alor aided Qel-Droma and the Sith in taking the shipyards of Foerost, and led his warriors in an attack on Coruscant itself. When Qel-Droma was captured by the Jedi during the course of the Coruscant invasion, Mandalore the Indomitable allied with Qel-Droma's Sith Master, Exar Kun, in order to free him. Impressed with the loyalty Mand'alor displayed in freeing him from his captors, Qel-Droma assigned Mandalore the Indomitable and his warriors with the capture of the Republic aligned planet, Onderon. The Mandalorians rained down on the Onderon city of Iziz atop Basilisk war droids, but the combined resistance of Onderon's Beast Riders and the warships of the Republic proved too much for Mandalore the Indomitable and his forces. While ordering a retreat to Onderon's moon, Dxun, where Mandalore intended to lose their beast-riding pursuers, the Mand'alor war droid was shot down on the hostile moon. Emerging from the remains of his Basilisk mount, Mandalore the Indomitable soon found himself surrounded by a number of dangerous beasts native to Dxun's jungles. Despite his attempts to fight off the creatures, they eventually managed to overcome and kill the Mandalorian leader. While seeking out their downed leader, one of Mandalore the Indomitable's followers came upon the mask of Mandalore, and in accordance with Mandalorian tradition, claimed it and the title of Mand'alor for himself. Claiming the mask of the deceased Mandalore the Indomitable on Dxun, a Taung Mandalorian Crusader proclaimed himself to be the new Mand'alor, Mandalore the Ultimate. Convinced that the fabled "Great Last Battle" of Mandalorian lore, and spurred secretly by the Sith, Mandalore the Ultimate began a new campaign of conquest. Drawing from the Neo-Crusader sect developing on the planet Mandalore, the Mand'alor forged a new army, drawing recruits from numerous other species beyond the dwindling Taung race, accepting any who joined the Mandalorians as equals to those who had naturally been born into the culture, fundamentally changing what it meant to be a Mandalorian forever after. Over the following two decades, Mandalore the Ultimate led his forces to capture independent worlds on the fringes of Republic space, finally eliciting a response from the Republic once the planet Taris was threatened, beginning the conflict known as the Mandalorian Wars in earnest. While Republic Intelligence was unable to determine the identity of Mand'alor, Mandalore the Ultimate made a name for himself with devastating attacks on Taris and Vanquo, before securing his infamy with the nuclear bombing that brought a swift and brutal end to the battle at Serroco.Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic (comics) After participating in a failed attempt to acquire an armada of dangerous weaponized exogorths from the Arkanian Arkoh Adasca,Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic: Daze of Hate Mandalore the Ultimate redoubled his assault, devastating the Republic Navy time and again. It was not until a splinter group of Jedi led by the rogue Knights Revan and Malak, entered into the conflict against the wishes of the Jedi Council that the tide finally began to turn in favor of the Republic, and against the armies of Mandalore. This downturn came to a head at Malachor V, where in the midst of what became the final battle of the Mandalorian Wars, Revan personally slew Mandalore the Ultimate. With the Mand'alor defeated, Revan denied the Mandalorians their right of succession by taking the Mandalore's mask. Without the guidance of a new leader, the Mandalorian clans were left to fracture, drifting from conquering warriors, to mainly mercenaries and bounty hunters. After the defeat of Mandalore the Ultimate and Revan's denial of Mandalorian succession, the Mandalorian clans fragmented without a leader's guidance. However, one of the last living Taung to survive the species' near extinction following the Mandalorian Wars attempted to reunite the Mandalorians as a new Mand'alor. A rebellious Mandalorian soldier attempted to use the skills of the assassin droid HK-47 to kill the Mand'alor, but the droid failed, only to be captured and reprogrammed to kill the soldier who had sent it, a task the robotic assassin carried out successfully. The following year, the Taung Mandalore sent a team of Mandalorians to the Shadowlands of Kashyyyk to test stealth technology. At some point between 3954 BBY and 3951 BBY, the dying Taung Mand'alor encountered the Mandalorian mercenary, Canderous Ordo. Ordo, having reclaimed the previous lost mask of Mandalore, was seeking to reunite the fractured clans under his rule. The Taung Mand'alor claimed the he was the true heir to Mandalore the Indomitable, and that Mandalore the Ultimate had been a Sith-backed pretender to the title. Before dying, the Taung bequeathed his own armor to Ordo, asking the man to preserve the Mandalorian traditions. Ordo agreed to the Mand'alor final request, taking the Taung's armor and incorporating into it the mask of Mandalore, in addition to adopting the fallen leader's clan into his own nascent reunification movement. Canderous Ordo was born a member of the Mandalorian Clan Ordo on the planet Ordo, where he grew to be a tough and skilled warrior through rigorous combat. When Mandalore the Ultimate set out to form the Neo-Crusader army, Ordo was recruited as a battle tactician rather than a common foot soldier. By the start of the Mandalorian Wars, Ordo had attained a commander rank, and earned a victory for the Mandalorians at the battle of Althir III, where he defeated an Althiri fleet, but at the cost of numerous allied lives. As the war with the Republic escalated, Ordo found the tactics of the Republic to cowardly, and their forces weak. Only when the Jedi Knights Revan and Malak entered the war on the Republic's behalf did Ordo believe the Mandalorians had found a worthy opponent. Though he married, after Mandalore the Ultimate was defeated by Revan and the Mandalorians lost the war, Ordo abandoned his wife and clan to go into exile, where he took up work as a mercenary, and an enforcer for a Tarisian crime boss. Ordo's life changed again when he was found by the amnesiac former Jedi Revan, choosing to follow and aid the man who had once been the Mandalorians' greatest enemy. Together with a group of other individuals loyal to Revan, Ordo challenged the now Darth Malak and his Sith Empire; Revan eventually challenged and defeated Malak, ending the Jedi Civil War and with his memories of the greater Sith threat lurking beyond known space, Revan delivered the mask of Mandalore into Ordo's possession, with instructions to reunite the Mandalorians in preparation for the future dangers the Sith posed. Taking the name "Mandalore the Preserver," Ordo absorbed the clan of a dying Taung claimant to the Mand'alor title into his own, and set out to rebuild the Mandalorian power base from Mandalore the Ultimate's abandoned outpost on Dxun. With a new base of operations, Ordo called upon Mandalorian recruits of all walks of life from across the galaxy and, inspired by Ordo's vision of the return of Mandalorian influence, numerous clans banded together and joined him on Dxun. In 3951 BBY, Meetra Surik—a former follower of Revan during the Mandalorian Wars—happened upon Canderous' growing operation. With some convincing and proof of Surik's worth, Ordo aided the former Jedi General in a fight against the Onderon general Vaklu, before setting out with Surik in her quest to destroy a trio of new Sith Lords. During his travels with Surik, Ordo recruited several additional Mandalorian mercenaries to his cause. In a battle over the planet Telos IV, Ordo and his soldiers took part in killing Darth Nihilus alongside Surik, and when it came time to challenge the duplicitous Kreia, Ordo returned to the site of the Neo-Crusaders' defeat, Malachor V. Surik killed Kreia and learnt her last lesson, and Ordo parted ways with her soon after, continuing on his path toward restoring the Mandalorians. Centuries passed without a Mand'alor to lead the clans, until around 3667 BBY. With the return of the Sith Empire from exile, the Imperials wished to obtain the martial services of the Mandalorians. Though some Mandalorians took the Empire's offer of work, most declined the repeated recruitment attempts of Imperial diplomats. The Empire changed its strategy: singling out a successful Mandalorian gladiator in the arenas of Geonosis, Imperial Intelligence aided his rise by drugging his competitors, and spurring the crowds of spectators to call for the gladiator's ascension as Mand'alor. The proud warrior claimed the title, becoming the new Mandalore, and rallied an army of Mandalorian followers from across the galaxy with the promise of challenging the legendary Knights of the Jedi Order. In service to the Sith Empire, the Mandalore led his soldiers to blockade the Hydian Way hyperspace lane. Thoroughly defeating the Jedi attack group sent to remove them, Mandalore's blockade held strong until the combined effort of a group of smugglers and Republic cruisers finally broke through. With this loss, the clans' support for their new leader wavered. In an effort to rejuvenate the clans and restore their faith, the Mand'alor initiated the Great Hunt, a competition for glory on a galactic scale. The Great Hunt's champion, Artus, challenged Mandalore to a duel following his victory, shooting and killing the Mandalorian leader history would look back upon as "Mandalore the Lesser." Artus became the new Mand'alor, taking the epithet "Mandalore the Vindicated." A Mandalorian warrior of Clan Lok, Artus Lok began his rise under Mandalore the Lesser. When the Mand'alor called for an army, numerous Mandalorians across the galaxy rallied to their new leader. However, when Mandalore's efforts were overcome and support among the clans waned, Mandalore the Lesser initiated the Great Hunt, a galaxy-wide competition for glory. Lok took the Mand'alor challenge, and eventually emerged as Grand Champion of the Great Hunt. This success was not enough for Lok however, and he proceeded to challenge Mandalore to a duel, wherein he shot and killed the reigning Mand'alor, claiming the fallen leader's title in the process. As "Mandalore the Vindicated," Lok slowly consolidated his power over the Mandalorian clans, and successfully overcame an uprising led by the soldier Jicoln Cadera, who believed that the Mandalorians should follow the path of Mandalore the Preserver and ally with the Republic. With his authority made absolute, Mandalore the Vindicated ensured that the Mandalorians remained the cautious and well-paid allies of the Sith Empire. Lok's ascension to the role of Mand'alor caught the attention of Jedi Master Gnost-Dural, and the Kel Dor Jedi made an effort to investigate whether Mandalore the Vindicated was an Imperial puppet as his predecessor had been. Throughout the wars between the Republic and Empire, Mandalore the Vindicated fought and led his warriors in several battles on the side of the Sith. When the Eternal Empire of Zakuul launched its own campaign against the varied groups of the galaxy, Mandalore summoned all of the clans to him, and led his forces in defense of the Mandalorian people. During a battle with the Empire's seemingly endless supply of skytrooper droids, Lok broke the enemy's ranks and commanded his troops to retreat. Though his kinsmen were able to escape, Lok was swarmed and overwhelmed by skytroopers, ultimately perishing in the face of their combined assault. The famed Mandalorian bounty hunter Shae Vizla succeeded Lok as the new Mand'alor, taking the title "Mandalore the Avenger" as she led. A skilled Mandalorian warrior, Shae Vizla earned her fame as a bounty hunter and mercenary, taking jobs for credits with little care for her employers' goals. Following the return of the Sith Empire from their millennia-long era of seclusion, the Imperial Sith formed an alliance with the Mandalorian warrior clans, and Vizla's exceptional talents saw her commonly employed by the Imperials for high-risk operations of a large and important nature. After the Great Galactic War between the Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic gave way to a tepid peace, Vizla retired to the planet Rishi with her clan, only to return to the fight when a returned Lord Revan threatened the galaxy on Yavin 4. When the Eternal Empire of Zakuul launched a campaign of conquest on the galaxy, the Mandalorian clans rallied against the Zakuulan Empire, but Mandalore the Vindicated ultimately fell in battle against their overwhelming droid forces. To aid in the Mandalorians' continued resistance, Shae Vizla reluctantly agreed to take up the role of Mand'alor. Donning the sobriquet "Mandalore the Avenger," Vizla led the Mandalorians in several victories against the Eternal Throne, eventually setting her sights on the Empire's droid factories on Darvannis. Together with the Outlander, Mandalore the Avenger and her warriors raided the factory, pillaging advanced weapons and technology from within. Under her leadership, the Mandalorians joined the Outlander's anti-Zakuul Alliance, and continued to wage war against the Eternal Empire until it was at last defeated. After the war was over, Shae continue to lead her people within the Alliance as they assisted in the rebuilding not only their people now stronger than ever but that of the galaxy wrecked by war, Mand'alor would lead the clans to ironically work alongside their former enemy, Hylo Visz, who had broken their blockade decades prior. Together, they helped secure supply runs from pirates or anyone else greedy enough during the resource crisis that began to grip the galaxy, as a result no dared attacked those ships knowing they were under the watchful protection of Mandalorians. However though Shae would encounter challenges to her leadership, when the Third Galactic War, before the raid on Darvannis, surviving members of Clan Lok and other like-minded Mandalorians had grown dissatisfied with her leadership and choose to abandon them before the Clans arrived on Darvannis, led by Mirli Lok they ended up traveling to the world of Onderon where they made a agreement with the current King, Regalun Petryph, in exchange for allowing them to hunt in peace, the newly formed Ash'ad would share tribute of the creatures they hunted, the idiotic king all the while not realizing he was being played by the rogue Mandalorians. Mandalore the Avenger would soon discover their location and when tensions were rising on Onderon, she would sent Mandalorians to the city of Iziz and from there she tasked the Alliance Commander to seek out the Ash'ad, wanting them to pay for their actions in abandoning the Clans when they needed them, Shae was determined to see the now dar'manda to be stripped of their armor and clean this stain of honor to the previous Mand'alor, which in the end proved successful after the Commander had found their base in the jungles and eliminated every single member presented and stripping their armor from them, Mirli was killed in the process. Her actions in the Meridian Complex assault however would signify where the Mandalorians stand in the new conflict and who they shall be aiding this time. Shae Vizla's leadership was put to the test when a hidden renengade Mandalorian group known as the Hidden Chain, led by Field Marshal Heta Kol they had came under the belief that the Mandalorians under Mandalore the Avenger's rule have lost sight of their culture and ways who continuned to support the Alliance's efforts in stabilizing the galaxy, even Clans still loyal to her were starting to believe that they had become glorified couriers by focusing their efforts mainly to protecting cargo supply runs or caravans needing their protection from pirates. Her advisor Jekiah Ordo continue to voice concerns about the growing unrest among the Clans and believed that they should've crack down harder on them during his investigations to the Hidden Chain's raids on their cargo runs, but Shae remained firm on keeping the Mandalorians freedom and independence as she did not wanted to cause further unease by as she put it a 'restraining' bolt on them. Jekiah Ordo would take the Spirit of Vengeance II to lure the mysterious attackers out to which it had been successful but not before they would lose contact with the Alliance's base and it forced Mandalore's hand as she got the Alliance Commander to assist her in freeing the ship. When they arrived, they would discover that Heta Kol had gathered the Mandalorian outcast groups such as the Dar'manda, Clan Varad, and the Ash'ad, together into the Hidden Chain and with their combined ships had the Spirit of Vengeance II locked as their boarding parties worked to steal the relics from within the ship. The Alliance Commander with Jekiah's brother, Rass Ordo, would board each of the Hidden Chain's ships to free the flagship, fighting through Varad warriors, Dar'manda mercenaries, and Ash'ad warriors, defeating leaders like Gorga Brak, Bask Sunn, and Troya Ajak. They would make it to the bridge of the Vengeance where they had found the remaining survivors led by Jekiah Ordo but Heta Kol would make her appearance as she confronted the Commander and Mand'alor of her goals in rebelling. A fight would ensue between them but when members of the Hidden Chain had finally found the Clan Cadera banner, Heta would make her escape into space while the loyal Mandalorians were left to recover the damage on the Spirit of Vengeance. Mandalore the Avenger would begin the search for Heta Kol and the Hidden Chain in the hopes to prevent another Mandalorian Civil War. Some time after the reign of Mandalore the AvengerThe Mandalorians in Prototypes have armor significantly later in design than what was being worn during the time of Mandalore the Avenger, the last canonically known Mandalore in the chronologically. The History of the Mandalorians article also makes reference to Ung Kusp existing closer to the time of the New Sith Wars. the ruthless Mandalorian Ung Kusp claimed the title of Mandalore, rallying a number of loyal clans to support him. Kusp was a rival of the honorable Mandalorian training master, Jaing. Jaing left the Mandalorians after he perceived that Kusp had betrayed him, while Kusp viewed the betrayal as Jaing's. Ung Kusp dispatched a team of Mandalorian mercenaries to the facility of an Outer Rim cybernetics doctor in order to recover a Sith artifact. There, the mercenaries found Jaing and his apprentice, the Gen'dai known as Durge. Jaing was killed in the resulting fight, though Durge managed to repel the Mandalorian attackers and, with prompting from the cyberneticist, left to hunt down Kusp as vengeance for his mentor's death. Mandalore the Binder was a Male Mandalorian Warrior Born to the son of a rug weaver on the Mandalorian world of Harswee, a planet known for its luxurious loom-woven carpet exports. He would eventually rise up to take the title of Mand'alor and become the new leader of the Mandalorians. Aga Awaud was a Mandalorian mercenary who lived during the New Sith Wars sometime after Ung Kasp's rule had ended. As the Candorian plague spread across large swaths of the galaxy, Awaud returned home to Mandalore in 1058 BBY, only to find that most of his clan had fallen to the ravenous disease, and Mandalorian space was patrolled by convoys of starships fighting off raiders from the surrounding sectors of lawless space. Awaud was appalled by the deteriorated state of affairs he found, and rallied the Mandalorians throughout the galaxy to take up the defense of the Mandalore sector in a movement that came to be known as "The Return." When Awaud called, Mandalorians rallied to his cause, and in 1051 BBY, Awaud rose to become Mand'alor, taking the title of "Mandalore the Uniter" as he re-established Mandalorian space as a strong and industrious state, providing protection and inspiration to surrounding sectors. The daughter of Uvhen Chal, Ranah Teh Naast was a Mandalorian who rose to the position of Mand'alor at some point in history prior to the downfall of the Republic.Mandalore the Destroyer's chronological position within this listing is not official. Appearing only within the context of a quoted epigraph at the start of the eleventh chapter of Imperial Commando: 501st, no canonical date for her reign was provided. The current placement results from the conclusion that the state of Mandalorian culture she describes—specifically the multi-species nature of the Mandalorians, and the reduced importance of the Mandalore's authority—indicates Mandalore the Destroyer reigned at some point after Mandalore the Avenger, but before Jaster Mereel and the solid chronology of Mandalores he begins. Mandalore the Destroyer's place in the line of Mandalores is subject to change should future sources reveal a more definitive time frame. Taking the sobriquet "Mandalore the Destroyer" during her tenure as the leader of the Mandalorians, Naast led her people to lay siege to the city of Luon. While her forces besieged the embattled city, Mandalore the Destroyer made contact with the Consul of Luon. During this exchange, the Mand'alor offered the Consul a final opportunity to surrender the city rather than continue to resist, and detailed the virtues of Mandalorian culture and its ability to endure that which would cripple other groups. She also stated that while the forces of Luon were incapable of destroying the Mandalorians due to their flexible structure, the Mandalorians were more than able to destroy the city. Mandalore the Hammerborn was a Mandalorian warrior who was born and grew up in alleys of Kol Atorn and would eventually take the title of Mand'alor. As growing up, the future Mand'alor learned how speak Mando'a from the exiled Mandalorians and immigrants who settled there. After defeating the Ithullans in a war over a Narcolethe distillery, several Mandalorian warrior clans went on to enact the genocide of the Ithullan species. Despite this act, the Jedi Council of the era did nothing in the way of seeking justice, and nearly a hundred years later, the bounty hunter Durge allied with a group of rogue Jedi Knights to strike at the reigning Mand'alor, killing him in retaliation. The Mandalorians loyal to the fallen Mand'alor captured Durge, however, and subjected the Gen'dai hunter to torture so severe, it took several long decades for Durge to recover from the injuries they inflicted. A native of Concord Dawn and a member of the world's law-keeping Journeyman Protectors, Jaster Mereel was an extraordinary soldier and a respected man of strong morals, morals that drove Mereel to kill a corrupt superior officer in an act that saw him banished from his home. Mereel later joined the Mandalorians, and sensing a general dissatisfaction with the decline in ethics among the more dishonorable members of the warrior culture, he fought to become the new Mand'alor and bring a new ideal to the clans, beating out the barbaric Tor Vizsla in the process. Mereel declared that any Mandalorians who wished to fight would do so as honorable, highly paid soldiers, and issued the Supercommando Codex, a new statute of behavior for Mandalorian mercenaries. Opposed by the pacifistic New Mandalorian government, and Vizsla's own radical followers, calling themselves the Death Watch, civil war broke out between the violent Death Watch and Mereel's own loyal soldiers, who proclaimed themselves the "True Mandalorians." Mereel led his soldiers against the Death Watch in a battle on his home planet, one the True Mandalorians were initially losing prior to the intervention of Mereel's Journeyman Protector replacement, a man by the name of Fett. When Fett's family was attacked by the Death Watch for aiding Mereel, the Mand'alor was able to save the Protector's son, Jango Fett, and with the young boy's help, the Mandalorians escaped Vizsla and later turned the tide, defeating the Death Watch at a nearby town, and nearly killing their leader. With his parents dead, Mereel became a surrogate father to the young Jango Fett, and believing the Death Watch to be no more following their defeat on Concord Dawn, Mereel took to leading the True Mandalorians as a mercenary army. In 58 BBY, Mereel and the Mandalorians were contracted by the Korda Defense Force to extract an inexperienced security team from hostile fire on Korda Six. With Kordan intelligence suggesting minimal resistance, Mereel viewed the mission as "easy credits" and brought his army in, only to find that an ambush had been laid by the Death Watch. When Mereel's second-in-command, Montross, refused to obey the Mand'alor order to retreat and found himself surrounded by enemy forces, Mereel was forced to rescue his disobedient subordinate, only to come under fire by Tor Vizsla himself. Montross abandoned the Mandalorian leader, using his jetpack to escape Vizsla's barrage while Mereel was left to perish. Jango Fett attempted to rescue his adoptive father, but could not reach the Mand'alor in time; mortally wounded, Mereel died in the arms of his surrogate son, and Fett returned the fallen Mandalore's body to the Mandalorians' extraction point. Montross attempted to claim the Mand'alor title, but when the truth of his betrayal was exposed, the Mandalorians rallied to Fett as their new leader. Montross slipped into exile, as Jango Fett succeeded Mereel as Mand'alor. The son of a Journeyman Protector, Jango Fett grew up on his family's farm on Concord Dawn. His quiet farming lifestyle was uprooted, however, when the civil war between the True Mandalorians and Death Watch spilled onto his home planet. Fett's family was destroyed by Tor Vizsla and his Death Watch soldiers, only escaping their fate due to the intervention of Jaster Mereel, Mand'alor and leader of the True Mandalorians. Fett was taken in by Mereel, whom he looked up to, becoming like the man's son as he joined the Mandalorian culture. When Mereel fell to Death Watch fire on Korda 6, Fett recovered his body from the battlefield and took up his surrogate father's role as Mand'alor. Fett led the Mandalorians throughout the Mandalorian Civil War, until the Mandalorians traveled to the planet Galidraan, where they were hired to resist a political uprising. However, the governor of Galidraan was secretly in league with the Death Watch, and called upon the aid of the Jedi Council in stopping what he claimed was a Mandalorian-initiated massacre, with the Death Watch providing the body count as evidence. As a Jedi strike team touched down on Galidraan and demanded the Mandalorians' surrender under threat of destruction, Fett ordered the innocent Mandalorians to fight back. Though the Jedi were not without casualties, the course of the battle soon turned against the True Mandalorians, and when Fett's second-in-command, Myles, was slain by a Jedi, the Mand'alor killed six Jedi with his bare hands, ending with Myles' killer. But even this was not enough, and by the battle's end, Fett was the only True Mandalorian alive. Captured by the Jedi and turned over to Galidraan's governor, Fett was subsequently sold into slavery aboard a spice transport, where he stayed until a pirate attack allowed him to escape. Reclaiming the Mandalorian armor that had been stolen from him by the governor of Galidraan, Fett set out to exact his revenge upon Tor Vizsla. Tracking the Death Watch leader to Corellia, Fett destroyed Vizsla's ship, and engaged him in a fight that led to the planet's surface. After a lengthy brawl, Vizsla poisoned Fett, but the Mand'alor was able to inflict a deep wound to Vizsla's abdomen, in turn. When a nearby pack of Corellian dire-cats smelled the spilled blood, they attacked and killed Vizsla, but ignored Fett due to the scent of the poison. With Vizsla dead and the war over, Fett turned to a life of bounty hunting to earn a living. The loss of his comrades and his time as a slave made Fett a bitter man, and he grew distant from the rest of the Mandalorian people and his role as Mand'alor. In 32 BBY, Fett was chosen by Count Dooku of Serenno—secretly the Sith Lord Darth Tyranus—to become the template for a clone army, but did not live to see their deployment, as he was killed in the Petranaki arena on Geonosis by Jedi Master Mace Windu, during the early stages of what became the first battle of the Clone Wars. Pre Vizsla was the leader of the splinter Mandalorian faction, Death Watch. With death of Mand'alor Jango Fett at hands of Mace Windu, Pre Vizsla began leading the Death Watch in attempts overthrow the New Mandalorians leadership in attempt restore the Mandalorian warrior culture ways, seeing Duchess Satine as an insult to all Mandalorians. While in public eye he was governor of Mandalore's moon, Concordia, a supporter of Duchess Satine, he led the Death Watch through the shadows, using the old mines on Concordia to create Mandalorian armor and weapons, using these as staging points. Vizsla also sought the allegiance of Count Dooku and his Confederacy of Independent Systems (CIS). Despite Dooku's distaste for Death Watch's first leader, Tor Vizsla, he agreed help the Death Watch in overthrowing the New Mandalorians. In part of their alliance with CIS, the Death Watch began leading attacks on Republic targets. But this attracted the attention of Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi. At first, the Duchess and her advisers discounted any Mandalorian involvement until Kenobi showed holographic recordings of the Death Watch saboteur who attacked one of Republic's cruisers. Satine later revealed the existence of rumors of the Death Watch's return. This was later proven when a Mandalorian bombed the memorial shrine in the New Mandalorian capital of Sundari before committing suicide when Kenobi attempted to apprehend him, falling to his death. Before his death, he left at the bomb site a holographic representation of the Death Watch symbol, the fallen Shriek-hawk, this further highlighting the group's return. During these events Pre Vizsla communicated with Count Dooku, who revealed his strategy for the Republic to establish peacekeeping forces on Mandalore. Dooku hoped this would cause unrest and lead the Mandalorian populace to the Death Watch's ideals, a plan to which Pre Vizsla agreed. But on a hunch, Kenobi later discovered the Death Watch base of operations on Concordia in an old mining site. Pre Vizsla later revealed himself as the leader of the Death Watch when confronting Obi-Wan and the Duchess after escaping some of his warriors. He gave back Kenobi's lightsaber and revealed the Darksaber, an ancient lightsaber stolen from the Jedi Temple by his ancestors during fall of the Old Republic era. Despite putting up a good fight, Vizsla proved unable defeat Obi-Wan in lightsaber combat and thus had his men active their jetpacks' rockets to try to kill them, but failed do so as Obi-Wan and Satine escaped. Eventually Pre Vizsla broke off the alliance with the CIS after not getting the results he had hoped for. Dooku showed his disgust for the man by slicing his cheek with his lightsaber, giving him a scar. Pre Vizsla led his Death Watch into hiding, on Carlac for a time, showing his dishonorable nature when bullying the Ming Po people. But after a skirmish with both the Republic and CIS forces, losing several lieutenants in the fighting, the Death Watch established a base on Zanbar. After a space expedition, the Death Watch found the two Sith Zabrak brothers, Darth Maul and Savage Opress. Pre Vizsla finally gained his chance of overthrowing Duchess Satine as he allied the Death Watch with Darth Maul, forming the Shadow Collective, even bringing in the Pyke Syndicate. But after forcing the Hutt Cartel to work for them, Vizsla's and Maul's views began to clash, Pre had his top lieutenant, Bo Katan, be ready remove the brothers when the time came. With the help of the Shadow Collective, New Mandalorians began suffering attacks by them, their guards being ill able face them off. Death Watch, led by Pre Vizsla, began their part of plan and helped fight the criminals off, making them heroes in eyes of New Mandalorian people. Pre Vizsla, after having Duchess Satine imprisoned, claimed the ancient title of Mand'alor, betraying Darth Maul and his brother. But Pre Vizsla's reign as Mandalore was short lived as the Sith brothers broke out of prison with former Prime Minister, Almec. In the throne room, Maul challenged Pre Vizsla to a duel for leadership of Death Watch, which Vizsla accepted and had his lightsaber given back to him. Vizsla's unpredictable fighting style allowed him gain ground against the Sith Lord, using his jetpack and blasters gain an edge against him. But after a long and difficult duel, Maul's Zabrak abilities prevailed and he defeated Vizsla. Pre Vizsla, seeing Maul was the victor, accepted his fate as Maul grabbed the darksaber and beheaded him in front of members of Death Watch, to Bo's horror. Darth Maul thus claimed his place as new leader of Death Watch. But because Maul was not a Mandalorian, Bo Katan and her Nite Owls refused follow him and escaped the throne room. The role of Mand'alor was later assumed by Spar after his arrival on Mandalore. A former Advanced Recon Commando clone trooper designated "Alpha-Ø2," the informally named Spar found himself subject to the genetic memories of his progenitor, Jango Fett. Fleeing from the watery world of Kamino, Spar deserted the Grand Army of the Republic with the aid of Mij Gilamar, a Mandalorian clone trainer whom Spar had befriended. After roaming the galaxy as a bounty hunter until Fett's death at the Battle of Geonosis, Spar was drawn to the planet Mandalore, where he felt driven to rebuild Mandalore's supercommando army; befriending a local clan chieftain and constable by the name of Fenn Shysa, Spar was encouraged by Shysa to act as Jango Fett's heir and become the next Mand'alor. Spar eventually agreed, becoming the new leader of the Mandalorian warrior clans. As Mand'alor, Spar won out over the previously ascendant New Mandalorian faction in the wake of Duchess Satine's death and that of Pre Vizsla's. He proclaimed himself "Mandalore the Resurrector" as a symbol of the warrior clans' return to dominance. Overturning the New Mandalorians' stance of neutrality in the Clone Wars, Spar led the Mandalorians to side with the Separatist Confederacy of Independent Systems against both, the Jedi that Spar hated for helping destroy the True Mandalorian army, and a Republic that Spar viewed as oppressive. Spar formed a new army of Mandalorian Supercommandos in the image of the fallen True Mandalorians, dubbed the Mandalorian Protectors, comprising recruits from the local police and even former members of the violent Death Watch. With the Mandalorian Protectors, Spar seized the facilities of the Mandalorian starship manufacturer, MandalMotors, for exclusive use by the CIS. Spar's first-hand knowledge of the tactics employed by the Grand Army's clone troops, he led his army as a blitzkrieg force, and their success led to the Confederacy employing the Protectors as an elite shock force against the most stubborn enemies. Spar led his soldiers to battle the Republic at New Holstice, Null, Zaadja, and even a raid on the cloning facilities of Kamino. But after the devastating defeat at Norval II, which left only Spar, Shysa, and one other Mandalorian Protector alive in the battle's aftermath, Spar returned to Mandalore. Shellshocked, he abdicated his role as Mand'alor, leaving the position vacant until the Clone Wars' end, when Fenn Shysa ascended in the face of the rise of the Galactic Empire. Spar eventually left Mandalore, and traveled to the Extrictarium Nebula, where he was found by Ailyn Vel. Believing Spar to be her estranged father Boba Fett, due to their shared nature as clones of Jango Fett, Vel killed Spar and took his armor for herself. Growing up on Mandalore, Fenn Shysa enjoyed spending most of his time with his boyhood friend, Tobbi Dala. The two became constables as they grew older, and Shysa even became a clan chieftain. A smart and savvy man, Shysa recognized the marginalization Mandalore suffered under the Republic, and when the rogue ARC trooper Spar came to the Mandalorian homeworld, Shysa endeavored to convince the clone of Jango Fett to act as his progenitor's heir, and become the new Mand'alor. When Spar agreed, and became "Mandalore the Resurrector," Shysa was only too eager to join his newly formed Mandalorian Protector army, earning a reputation as Spar's most loyal follower. The Protectors became a fearsome fighting force on the side of the Confederacy of Independent Systems, and won numerous battles the CIS's battle droids could not, but that all changed when the Mandalorians were ambushed on Norval II in a trap designed by the cunning Darth Sidious. Of the original Mandalorian force, only Shysa, his friend Dala, and the Mand'alor himself survived, returning to Mandalore near the war's end. As the machinations of Darth Sidious—secretly the Supreme Chancellor of the Republic, Palpatine—transformed the Republic into the Galactic Empire with himself as the new Emperor,Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith Mandalore came onto the radar of the new galactic government, seeking to establish a base of operations for the sector on the Mandalorian homeworld. Fearing the intentions of the Empire were not so simple, Shysa reluctantly became the new Mand'alor, as part of his preparations to remove the Imperial presence should they reveal themselves unfriendly. Shysa's fears were realized when the Empire's hold on Mandalore became an iron grip: the Imperials enslaved large portions of the Mandalorian populace, and began strip-mining the world for lightsaber-resistant beskar iron ore. Forging a new, covert Mandalorian Protector army, Shysa battled the Imperial forces in a guerrilla war for years until 3 ABY, when Tobbi Dala sacrificed his life to destroy the Imperial's base of operations, kill the Imperial overseer, and allow for the numerous Mandalorian slaves to regain their freedom. Despite the loss of his oldest friend, Shysa set out to revitalize Mandalore, forcefully removing Imperial Grand Admiral Miltin Takel from Mandalorian space, and strengthening the Mandalorian Protectors with armor, weapons, and hundreds of Mandalorian recruits liberated from the Imperials. Under Shysa's leadership, the Mandalorians flourished, but his many successes could not erase the past: Kaminoan cloner Taun We contracted the infamous bounty hunter Boba Fett to kill the last Mandalorian Protector responsible for the attack on Kamino years prior. Fett hunted Shysa to the planet Shogun, where the two came under attack by the Sevvets. Mortally wounded while saving Fett's life, Shysa, who had believed in the strength of the Fett name ever since Jango's death, requested that Fett succeed him as Mand'alor upon his death. Indebted, Fett agreed to Shysa's final request, and killed Shysa as an act of mercy, to spare him from the horrendous fate the Sevvets would otherwise have inflicted. True to his word, Fett became the next Mand'alor. The clone son of the one-time Mand'alor Jango Fett, Boba Fett had only begun his training in the Mandalorian waysStar Wars: Attack of the Clones: The Visual Dictionary when his father died on Geonosis. With only the holobook Jango had left him,Boba Fett: The Fight to Survive and Jaster Mereel's Supercommando Codex to guide him, the young Boba Fett became a bounty hunter just as his father had been. Surviving through the Clone Wars, around the age of sixteen Fett met a fellow bounty hunter by the name of Sintas Vel, whom he fell in love with and married. For a time, the two settled down together on Concord Dawn, where Fett attempted to earn a living as a Journeyman Protector, and the couple had a daughter together, Ailyn. However, when Sintas was raped by Fett's superior officer, Fett killed the man, only to be arrested and later exiled for his crime. His relationship with his family rapidly deteriorated, and he later divorced; Sintas was kidnapped and imprisoned in carbonite just prior to their daughter's sixteenth birthday, and with her mother presumed dead, Ailyn grew to hate her father. Fett returned to his life as a bounty hunter, where he came to make a name for himself as one of the best in the galaxy. It was only when he was hired to hunt down Fenn Shysa that Fett was forced back into the world of the Mandalorians. Honoring Shysa's dying wish, Fett succeeded Shysa as Mand'alor, pledging to follow in his father and adopted grandfather's footsteps, and do what was best for the Mandalorians. Fett's leadership of the Mandalorians was put to the test during the Yuuzhan Vong's invasion of the galaxy. Having unknowingly established a working relationship with the Vong's advanced scout, Nom Anor, the Mandalorians were invited to continue to serve the Yuuzhan Vong. Realizing the danger the extragalactic invaders posed, Fett agreed to continuing service, with the stipulation that the Mandalore sector remain unharmed; secretly the Mandalorians sought to feed gathered intelligence to the New Republic, and make preparations for when the Vong finally turned their attention on Mandalorian space. When the Vong discovered Fett's duplicity, they attacked Mandalore with the intent to destroy the Mandalorians. Though they suffered severe casualties, the Mandalorians defeated the Vong and became one of the only civilizations to repel the invaders on their own. With their true loyalties exposed, Fett led the Mandalorian Protectors to openly oppose the Yuuzhan Vong, and fought against them on numerous battlefields across the galaxy. When the war was over and the Vong were defeated, Fett became involved with rebuilding Mandalore, all the while attempted to build a relationship with his estranged granddaughter, Mirta Gev. As Mand'alor, Fett summoned two million Mandalorians from around the galaxy to return to Mandalore in order to boost the dwindling population, presided over the discovery of a massive new beskar lode and its impact on Mandalore's economy, and established a treaty with the technologically gifted Verpine species. Chernan Ordo was a Mandalorian soldier who held the title of Mandalore at the beginning of the Sith-Imperial War in 127 ABY. In that same year, Ordo and an armed force of Mandalorians were contracted by the Galactic Alliance to defend the planet Botajef against the forces of Roan Fel's Galactic Empire until Alliance reinforcements arrived. Though Ordo and his soldiers did their best to hold out against the Imperial onslaught, the Mand'alor was felled during the chaotic battle by the machinations of his traitorous subordinate, Yaga Auchs. With Chernan Ordo dead, Auchs ascended to the position of Mand'alor, and took command of the Mandalorians. A Mandalorian soldier who served under the authority of Mand'alor Chernan Ordo, Yaga Auchs was one of many Mandalorians who followed their leader to the planet Botajef as part of a contract with the Galactic Alliance. The Mandalorians had been tasked with defending the world against the attacking Imperial army until Alliance reinforcements could arrive, but Auchs was under orders from a master separate from Mandalore. In pursuit of his own agenda, Auchs disabled the Mandalorians' communications, and murdered his fellow Mandalorians responsible for manning the comm station. When he was discovered by the Mandalorian soldier Hondo Karr, Auchs shot and attempted to kill Karr as well; though Karr survived, Auchs' actions had already led to Chernan Ordo's death, and it was Auchs who succeeded the late Mand'alor. Withdrawing the Mandalorians from Botajef, Auchs ordered the Mandalorians to remain on Mandalore and out of the war. Auchs' betrayal was unknown to the Mandalorian masses, but having failed to kill Hondo Karr on Botajef, the scorned soldier teamed with his former wife, Tes Vevec, to expose Auchs and take revenge.
The title of Marchioness was a senior rank within the forces of the Dark Jedi rebels of the Hundred-Year Darkness. The one known holder of the rank was XoXaan, who led a unit known as the Black Legions.
Master chief petty officer was a rank/rate in several services. It was known to exist in the Royal Alderaan Civil Fleet, where it was held by Corla Metonae when she was transferred to the Tantive IV, and in the Imperial Navy, where it was held by Tenn Graneet.
Master Jumper was a Military rank in the Republic rocket-jumpers. Barkin was one notable Rocket-Jumper that held the rank.
Master Sergeant was a military rank within the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Alliance E522 assassin droids in Rebel Alliance Intelligence Service developed cynical and demanding personalities, so much so that agents described them as "everyone's least favorite Master Sergeant."
Master Sergeant was a military rank in the Galactic Republic, the reconstituted Sith Empire, the Galactic Empire and the Alliance to Restore the Republic. It was also a rank used by the Corellian Security Force and the Royal Naboo Security Forces.In the Alliance Army, the Master Sergeant rank was used among Special Forces. A Master Sergeant typically served as the second-in-command of a platoon, and as the adjutant to the unit's commanding Lieutenant. It was equivalent ot the regular Rebel army, Imperial Army and Stormtrooper Corps Sergeant major. In the Imperial Military, a Senior Master Sergeant rank existed in the Starfighter Corps.During the Old Republic era, Korum, Nattis, Payne, and Hayg served as Master Sergeants in the Sith Imperial Military. Centuries later, Crowley had held the rank in the Republic Army. Jai Raventhorn was a Master Sergeant in the Rebel Alliance Infiltrators, and Kine in the Stormtrooper Corps.
A master-at-arms was the naval rank held by the individual who was responsible for discipline and law enforcement on a vessel. The chief pilot was the master-at-arms for the Corellian freighter Barderia.
Materials supervisor was a rank in the militarized society of the Alanciari, the Keshiri natives of the continent of Alanciar on the planet Kesh.
A medic, sometimes referred to as a med-tech, was a title held both by medical technicians in medical facilities and by soldiers that carried medical supplies into the battlefield and tended to wounded soldiers. They were present in many armies including the Grand Army of the Republic and the Imperial Army.On the planet Naboo, the Gungan Grand Army used a certain type of Gungan Doctor as its medic, while the Human Royal Naboo Security Forces used Royal med droids. The Trade Federation Droid Army and later the Separatist Droid Army did not require medics, but used MED-47 medical droids and ADK-25-MED medical droids, respectively, when dealing with organic individuals. Wookiees used their own design of medical droid. Clone trooper medics were clone troopers that acted as medics on the battlefield. They were trained as medics on Kamino and received special tools to help their fellow wounded troopers. These medics were also experienced troopers and often served near the front line of combat. Notable battles they were involved with were the Battle of Umbara and the Battle of Saleucami. The Grand Army of the Republic also used IM-6 battlefield medical droids. Imperial medics were specifically trained soldiers whose job was to tend to wounded stormtroopers. They stayed a little back from the front lines and could defend themselves with their blasters if needed. They participated in battles on contested planets such as Felucia, Kashyyyk and Raxus Prime. The Imperials also used the 2-1C medical droids. The Rebel Alliance used 2-1B surgical droids as medics for its army.
Midshipmen were trainees onboard capital ships. The captain of the ship would often spend a short time with them each day for instruction. The midshipmen were ranked higher than enlisted men, such as stormtroopers, but below regular officers. When the captain felt the midshipman was ready, they would be promoted to ensign. As an ensign, they would begin a road eventually, hopefully leading to command of their own captaincy and ship someday. Some known midshipmen included Koth Barak, Gasto and Brandis. Within the Imperial Navy, a midshipman was the lowest officer position. The specific rank, depending on whether the officer in the Navy was a line officer or a specialist officer, was an Ensign or simply an Officer, respectively. In the Alliance Fleet most of the advanced training for naval officer candidates was part of their time served as midshipmen on active vessels with the midshipmen serving in a variety of roles, receiving training from the ship's officers, and studying engagements the vessel had fought in. They often asked the ship's officers questions about the decisions they made during prior battles and why those decisions were made as well.
Throughout galactic history various governments have used the post of Minister of War: Minister of War of the Five WorldsMinister of War of NabooMinister of War of the Sith EmpireMinister of War of the Alliance to Restore the RepublicMinister of War of the Galactic Empire. Category:Political titlesCategory:Military rank
Minister of War was a title used by the planets of the Five Worlds to denote their civilian commander-in-chief. At the start of the Second Galactic Civil War, the Head of State of Corellia, Thrackan Sal-Solo, deposed the previous Minister and declared himself acting Minister of War. The position may have been abolished; after Sal-Solo's death, Wedge Antilles was made Supreme Commander of the Corellian forces and Rorf Willems was made Minister of Defense.
Navigation master was a rank in the Prakith navy.
A navigation officer was a crewmember of a starship who was in charge of plotting and maintaining the ship's course. Boyle Marcom served as a navigation officer for the Sith Empire during the Great Hyperspace War.
A navigator was a person who navigated starships. Kane Griggs served as a navigator aboard the New Republic Star Destroyer Emancipator during the Battle of Calamari.
A non-commissioned officer, or non-com for short, was a military officer who had not yet been given a commission. Non-commissioned officers were also referred to as NCOs.
Officer was a commissioned military class. Generally they were above the enlisted soldiers in positions of authority and command. Officers could be divided between junior officers of lower rank, and senior officers of a higher rank. Republic officers were command military personnel who served the armed forces of the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars, while Separatist officers were command military personnel who served the Confederacy of Independent Systems armed forces. Imperial officers were command military personnel of the Imperial Military. All military organizations depended on officers to effectively function. Non-commissioned officers would work with line infantry, while generals would create strategies and tactics.
Omnipotent Battle Leader was a title taken by several Imperial warlords. It was also utilized by the reborn Galactic Emperor Palpatine of the Dark Empire to both lure his soldiers back under his command and at the same time keep his identity hidden until the time was right to reveal himself.
Petty Officer was a rank of officer held by Innamin aboard the Republic Defense Coalition Longbeam Aurora IX. Later, the rank was held by Thanisson while aboard the Finalizer, a First Order Star Destroyer.
Petty officer was a rank held by Corla Metonae of the Tantive IV. She was tasked with supervising the ship's deck crew and any onboard craft.
The position of port commander was assigned to an officer of the Galactic Empire who oversaw the administration of a spaceport. Lieutenant Yogar Lyste served as a port commander during the mission on Lothal.
Portmaster's Deputy was a rank in the Corporate Sector Authority.
The Prince Militaire was the de facto leader of the Hiveborn, the government of the Paataatus species. During the Nikardun campaigns, an unidentified Paataatus held the rank. The Prince Militaire staged a fake attack on Senior Captain Mitth'raw'nuruodo's forces before covertly requesting Thrawn's assistance in freeing the Paataatus from the Nikardun Destiny during the skirmish above Nettehi, which Thrawn provided.
Prince-Admiral was a rank and noble title held by Jonashe Solo, a member of ancient Corellian royalty who was rumored to be an ancestor of the smuggler Han Solo.
Prince-Admiral was the rank assumed by Delak Krennel as both the leader of the Ciutric Hegemony and as a former officer of the Imperial Navy once Krennel set himself up as an independent warlord. The title itself had little real meaning and was only known to have been used by Krennel after his abandonment of the failing Galactic Empire after the Battle of Endor. The title presumably fell out of favor following his death during the second attack on Ciutric IV. The title was also used in the Corellian system near the end of the Alsakan Conflicts. Jonash e Solo was the Prince-Admiral of Corellia during the Seventeenth Conflict, when he personally ended the conflict by forcing a peace treaty at swordpoint on the floor of the Galactic Senate chamber.
Private was a military rank. Able Nereno, a nurse who was killed during the Battle of Endor, served as a private in the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Yendor was a pilot who also served as a private in the Rebel Alliance.
Private was the lowest army rank. The next rank up was Corporal.Clone trooper privates, referred to as "white jobs" or "meat cans" by clone commandos, had plain white armor, and served as the foot soldiers of the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars, as well as the stereotype of the clone trooper. While not as creative as their superior officers, the clone trooper privates nevertheless gained a great deal of individuality over the course of the war, serving closely with the Jedi until the execution of Order 66. These very clones later became the feared stormtroopers of the first Galactic Empire, accompanying Darth Vader in the Great Jedi Purge, and serving as guards and soldiers on the Empire's many worlds, as well as the Death Star. Privates were used in many other military organizations such as the Rebel Alliance and the Confederacy of Independent Systems.
Provost Marshal was the rank granted to Fideltin Rusk while he was in command of the Dead Man's Legion, a unit of forcibly-conscripted criminals in service to the Republic Army.
A quartermaster, otherwise known as the ordnance officer, supply officer, or, more colloquially, the finder, was an individual in a military who was in charge of supplying and provisioning other soldiers.
Neo-Crusader Rally Master was the middle rank of the Mandalorian Neo-Crusader movement during the Mandalorian Wars. Wearing the crimson armor of the Neo-Crusaders, they were easily recognized as figures of authority by the Mandalorian ground forces, and generic Neo-Crusaders were expected to look for and listen to them.Knights of the Old Republic 26During the early days of the Neo-Crusader movement, the Rally Masters worked independently. The position was originally earned by impressing Field Marshals, making the position very valuable. Being the closest thing the Mandalorians ever came to officers, they functioned as drill sergeants, commanders and more importantly political officers, spreading the ideals of the Neo-Crusaders amongst the Mandalorian forces. As the Field Marshals increased in numbers, many Rally Masters complained about too much division, as they began to lose their independent command. Rally Masters also oversaw the training of new converts during the Mandalorian Wars, and in training centers on captured worlds they indoctrinated these recruits to the Neo-Crusader way. Later in the Mandalorian Wars, the position became corrupt and the quality of warriors who held the position declined rapidly. The position became increasingly devalued, and to achieve promotion later on a warrior only needed to know Mando'a and some of the Mandalorian ways. During the Cold War between the Sith Empire and the Republic, long after the demise of the Neo-Crusader movement, the rank of Rally Master was still present among the Mandalorian forces. In that time, the colors signifying the rank had changed from crimson to a dark gold with silver and blue highlights.KelbornKra'akeGormerUnidentified Mandalorian commanderSherrukMerrk Kelborn
Rally masters were Mandalorian warriors who served as battlefield commanders during the Mandalorians' wars of expansion. They wore a characteristic suit of armor and wielded a specific type of lance.
During the Clone Wars, the Mandalorian warriors of the terrorist group Death Watch used a rank insignia to identify ranks. They were red symbols adorned on the left shoulder armor plate. A different rank was distinguished by the amount of corner lines on the symbol. Initially, the rank insignia was only used on the left shoulder armor pad, but were later adorned on both shoulder armor pieces. The insignia itself consisted of two red octagonal shapes, one inside of the other, with three variations. One variation had only one trapezoidal line on the top left corner, another had two trapezoidal lines opposite each other in the top right and bottom left corner, and the third variation had trapezoidal lines on all four corners. Bo-Katan Kryze, leader of the Nite Owls and a lieutenant in the Death Watch group, did not possess the rank insignia of the Death Watch despite her rank.
The First Order used two systems of rank insignia in its military.The military rank of officers of the First Order Navy, and of the First Order army when not in combat situations, was denoted by a combination of uniform color and arm insignia. Standard officers wore charcoal gray uniforms, senior officers, including Commanders, wore teal, junior officers wore light gray, and non-commissioned officers wore black. Rank was further denoted by insignia worn on the left sleeve of the uniform. Insignia consisted of a black cuff title edged in silver, typically bearing the name of a particular Imperial hero or unit of the Galactic Civil War depicted in silver Aurebesh letters. Insignia for Generals and Admirals was somewhat different and consisted of two blank black stripes, both edged in silver. Generals' stripes were further accentuated with black piping, while Admirals' stripes had red piping.  Uniform color Name on cuff title Rank Teal Kaplan Colonel Teal Tarkin Major Light gray Dillon Captain Light gray Power Lieutenant Black Ro 8 SergeantBlackHal 4Squad leaderBlackFOSBMember of First Order Security BureauWhile in armor, the rank of a stormtrooper was indicated by the color of their pauldron: red was for officers, black for sergeants, and white for squad leaders.
Readiness officers were military officers whose role was to ensure that every soldier and piece of equipment was ready to go. Their range of operations extended from military technology management to contingency planning. Around 0 BBY, the Imperial lieutenant Criden Valdas held that position at the Citadel Tower on Scarif, under the command of General Sotorus Ramda.
A Rear Admiral was an officer of high rank in the naval forces of the Galactic Empire, and that of the Galactic Republic. During the Clone Wars, Nils Tenant held this rank. By the fifth year of Emperor Palpatine's reign, Kendal Ozzel, Tiaan Jerjerrod and Conan Antonio Motti held that rank. Orson Krennic desired to hold the rank of a Rear Admiral, however he was promoted from Lieutenant Commander to Commander instead.
Rebel Unit Commander was a rank within the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Kaiya Adrimetrum served as a Rebel Unit Commander.
Royal High Commander was the commander-in-chief of the Hapes Consortium military.
The Science and Medical Adviser was a position in the Kaas City military police. At one point it was held by Eckard Lokin.
Second Lieutenant was a rank used within the Galactic Empire. The deck officer Frobb held the rank of second lieutenant in the year 0 BBY.
Second Lieutenant Commander was a military rank used by the Galactic Empire during the Galactic Civil War. Teso Broosh held the rank when he was part of the 204th Imperial Fighter Wing.
Second Lieutenant was a lesser grade of lieutenant, below First Lieutenant. It was used in the military forces of various galactic governments, including the Galactic Empire and the Rebel Alliance. This rank was also used for Clone troopers in the Grand Army of the Republic placed above a Sergeant-Major but below a Lieutenant. Like Lieutenants, 2nd Lieutenants could command a platoon, and had blue markings in the early stages of the Clone Wars. The Confederacy of Independent Systems also used the rank. Kyle Katarn served as a Second Lieutenant in the Stormtrooper Corps. Alfonso Luiz Obota was a Second Lieutenant in Rebel Alliance Special Operations and Momo in the Imperial Army. Hurati was a Second Lieutenant in the CIS before his promotion to captain.
Second Officer was a person third in command of a starship. Second lieutenant Alfonso Luiz Obota was the second officer aboard the Alliance Special Operations transport Pride of Aridus.
Second officer was a position held by an individual who served as third in command of a starship. Toshma Jefkin served as the second officer aboard the Tantive IV.
The Yuuzhan Vong utilized the rank of sector chief in 25 ABY during the Yuuzhan Vong War. Doshao, Sata'ak, Harmae and Tugorn were all escalated to the rank of sector chief that year.
A security officer was a position held by individuals placed in charge of the security of a location or starship. After disobeying orders to retreat during the First Battle of Felucia, Jedi Padawan Ahsoka Tano was assigned to be the security officer at the Jedi Temple's library as a punishment.
A security officer was responsible maintaining the safety and security of military personnel, vehicles, and installations. A security officer was often an integral part of a Rebel Alliance cell.
Senior Cadet was a rank of a prospective military officer attending a military academy such as the one on Carida.
Senior Commander was a military rank used within the Imperial Security Bureau of the Galactic Empire. By the year 0 BBY, Alecia Beck held this title. The rank was also used in the Chiss Ascendancy's Expansionary Defense Fleet, where Plikh'ar'illmorf served as Senior Commander aboard the Springhawk before and during Mitth'raw'nuruodo's mission to Batuu.
Senior control technician was a staff position under Admiral Pors Tonith of the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars. In the time surrounding the Battle of Praesitlyn, B'wuf held this position.
Senior Lieutenant was a junior officer rank within the starfleet of the Galactic Empire. It ranked above Junior Lieutenant, and below captain. The Chiss Thrawn held the rank of Senior Lieutenant for a time before being promoted to captain. Thrawn would eventually rise to the rank of Grand Admiral.
In the starfleet of the Galactic Empire, senior officers formed the second highest operational commissioned officer category of military ranks, ranking above junior officers and below flag officers. Those senior officers were captains, lieutenant commanders, and commanders.
Senior Trooper was an enlisted rank below that of a sergeant in several armies, such as the Alliance Special Forces and the Brotherhood of Darkness. Adanar was an example of a Senior Trooper.
A sensor officer was a military rank given to a crewman aboard a starship.
The sensor officer was a military crewman aboard a starship. One of their primary duties was to watch the sensor arrays of the ship.
Sergeant was a rank held by certain officers in the Confederacy of Independent Systems, the Galactic Republic, and its successor, the Galactic Empire. It was higher than the rank of corporal, and private. Several clone troopers in the Grand Army of the Republic held the rank of Clone Sergeant. Crest, a former clone trooper, was a sergeant in the Imperial Army's Stormtrooper Corps. In the Stormtrooper Corps, sergeants wore a white pauldron to indicate their rank.
The Sergeant at Arms was the commander of the Senate Guard assigned to guard the Grand Convocation Chamber. He or she sat in the central pod below the Supreme Chancellor and Vice Chair. The New Republic Senate also had a Sergeant at Arms. In a broader sense, a sergeant at arms can be used to describe the chief guard assigned by a legislative body to maintain order. The Bakuran Senate, Imperial Senate, and the like most likely had sergeant at arms (or the equivalent). By 25 ABY, Mif Kumas had been Sergeant at Arms of the New Republic Senate for two terms.
Sergeant Major, or Sergeant major, was a rank in various militaries. This rank was found in the Galactic Empire. During a training exercise for Imperial cadets on Sirpar, Bedal Cerroux was temporarily granted this rank. This rank was also used in the New Republic Special Forces. Around the time of the Battle of Endor, Jom Barell held the rank of Sergeant Major.
Sergeant Major was a military rank used by the Galactic Empire. A Sergeant Major was a senior non-commissioned officer, typically serving as the second-in-command of a Platoon, and as the adjutant to the unit's commanding Lieutenant. A Sergeant Major would also be second-in-command to Cadet Leaders during their Omega Exercises in which they had to lead a platoon of stormtroopers into real combat. Hong, for instance, was Kyle Katarn's Sergeant Major during Katarn's Omega Exercise on AX-456. Sergeant-Major was also a rank given to clone troopers in the Grand Army of the Republic. These troopers had green markings in the early stages of the Clone Wars, and like the rank equivalent in the Galactic Empire, commonly served as second-in-command of a platoon.
Sergeant-at-Claws was a military rank in the Special Loathsome Forces, a unit that saw action during the Megalomaniac Wars. Prod reached the rank of Sergeant-at-Claws.
In planet-based military organizations, a sergeant was a non-commissioned officer ranking above a corporal and below a Warrant Officer. Sergeants served as squad leaders, or as assistants to commissioned officers commanding larger units and formations. Sergeants formed the backbone of the Imperial Army. The rank of sergeant was also a part of the Sith army in the New Sith Wars. Darth Bane was once a sergeant. In the ranks of the Mandalorian Protectors, the rank of sergeant was called ruus'alor. The rank could and would also be utilized by members of a law enforcement agency.
Shipman was a military rank used by the Galactic Alliance Remnant. In 137 ABY, Tealart was a shipman.
Shock troopers were a special type of military personnel used by various organizations throughout the galaxy. They usually served as police or elite soldiers reserved for operations requiring speed and skill. Some shock troopers, such as those commanded by the Togorian Kr'saang, acted as mercenaries. Clone shock troopers were elite soldiers of the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars. They were led by Clone Commanders CC-1010, Thorn, and later CC-4477 by the end of the war. As members of the Coruscant Guard, a military police unit stationed in the capital world of the Galactic Republic, clone shock troopers had the authority to conduct random inspections on civilians in order to discover and detain Separatist spies or sympathizers. The shock troopers fought alongside the Jedi Order and other clone troopers in the Battle of Coruscant in 19 BBY, in which they ultimately repelled the Separatist invaders from the Republic capital. Their services were retained by the Republic's successor state, the Galactic Empire, under the reign of Emperor Palpatine, where they served as Imperial stormtroopers of the Stormtrooper Corps. Though the Coruscant Guard remained composed of shock troopers, it was no longer exclusively composed of clones. Under the New Order, enlisted Humans were recruited into the Guard's ranks and trained as Imperial shock troopers. Clone shock trooperHerdessan shocktrooperImperial shock trooperMandalorian ProtectorMandalorian shock trooperNeo-Crusader Shock TrooperNatori shock trooperSpecialist Unit Two Hundred SevenTetan shock trooper
Skipper was a military title used in the Separatist Droid Army. During the operation on Hissrich, after AD-W4 rejected several other rank titles, he was once addressed as a skipper.
A Sky Judge was a position of authority that existed in the period of time before the Jedi Order and Galactic Republic. Culoph was a Sky Judge renowned for his legendary swordsmanship.
A soldier, also referred to as a warrior, was a being who fought in defense of an organization, government, or ideal.Overview Soldiers could be trained and organized to fight as part of an army or militia, whereas others served as special units. Infantries were army branches made up of soldiers. Soldiers who fought purely for monetary income rather than political alignment were known as mercenaries. Soldiers could serve in more roles than front-line fighters, as they could be stationed at an installation or serve as guards. Soldiers also often fought with an ideal in mind, such as honor. In fact, the rogue Sith Lord Maul believed that every soldier was bound by honor, deeming it a weakness that could be exploited. Another ideal was hope, which was often held by the soldiers of rebel movements; the Rebel troopers and other members of the Alliance to Restore the Republic worked off the hope that the Galactic Empire could be destroyed. Officers would serve as leaders for soldiers, fighting and commanding alongside their troops or commanding from a more secure location. While officers who did the latter could still win battles, soldiers often appreciated it when their superior fought in combat with them, coming to respect such commanders. Alternatively, officers who worked away from the frontline could anger their troops, particularly if the superior's plans resulted in the deaths of many soldiers. Their soldiers could also come to mock such officers, questioning if their supposed leader lacked the fighting abilities their army possessed. Indeed, Jedi General Anakin Skywalker felt that the only way to truly be a leader of soldiers was to lead from the battlefront, serving in the trenches of war alongside one's army. However, Captain Phasma of the First Order Stormtrooper Corps held a different opinion, believing great leaders did not command from their soldiers' front; instead, Phasma found her troops to be patriotic fools, viewing them to merely be cannon fodder who could be sacrificed to ensure her survival and victory. Fighting in battles that they knew they could die in, difficult combat made up part of the life of a soldier. However, different soldiers had different opinions on what exactly it meant to be a good soldier; the treasonous Senate Commando Faro Argyus felt that, in order to be a good soldier, one needed to do what they thought was right, but he also believed the clone troopers of the Galactic Republic were too conditioned to understand as such. Indeed, Clone Commander CC-1004 "Gree" believed all direct orders needed to be followed and was angered by Argyus' words. Another clone, Clone Captain CT-7567 "Rex," believed following orders upheld the honor of the Republic, but he came to change his mind during the Battle of Umbara; having seen the pain inflicted by Jedi General Pong Krell, Rex came to believe it was right for soldiers to disobey orders and make their own decisions. Another clone trooper, Advanced Recon Commando CT-5555 "Fives," agreed that being a loyal soldier did not mean that one needed to obey every order, saying that would mean the individual in question would be the same as a pre-programmed battle droid. However, the activation of a behavioral modification biochip in their mind would force clones to think differently; to a clone under the influence of the chip, a good soldier was one who followed every order. In fact, when Elite Squad Trooper ES-01, a human recruit brought into the Imperial Army by Project War-Mantle, objected to his orders to kill civilians by saying he signed up to be a soldier and not an executioner, Clone Commander CT-9904 "Crosshair" shot him dead, passing on the belief to the rest of his squad that they needed to follow every command given.The Galactic Republic was protected for centuries by the Jedi Order who served as peacekeepers, although they maintained that they were not soldiers. During the High Republic Era, soldiers made up part of the Republic Defense Coalition. The Republic was also protected by the Judicial Forces, yet the government started to rely on the Jedi for peacekeeping operations, giving the Judicial Forces less of a role in the Republic. The Galactic Senate on Coruscant was protected by the Senate Guard and its elite Senate Commandos. Meanwhile, Republic member worlds like Naboo and Mon Cala typically had their own soldiers, such as the Royal Naboo Security Forces, Mon Calamari Guard, or Royal Onderon Militia. With the eruption of the Clone Wars, the Republic formed the Grand Army composed of clone troopers, who were considered the future for soldiers in galactic history. They fought against the Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems. While the Separatists notably used battle droids instead of flesh and blood soldiers, there were occasions where organic troops were deployed, such as the use of Geonosians during the First and Second battles of Geonosis. After the war, the new Galactic Empire used the clones as the basis for the the Imperial stormtroopers, who served as elite soldiers and shock troops. Nevertheless, the stormtroopers also began to replace the regular Imperial soldiers. The Galactic Empire also made use of elite soldiers selected from the Stormtrooper Corps called death troopers, who were used to guard high-placed Imperial officers. The Alliance to Restore the Republic had Rebel troopers, who were its ground forces fighting against the Empire. The New Republic had its own New Republic soldiers, but its decision to ignore the First Order meant the Resistance had to rely on lightly-armored troopers like its predecessor. The First Order had its own version of the stormtrooper.
Soldiers were individuals trained in a variety of martial skills and represented the core of any military force. Many of these individuals volunteered to fight for their government, but some were drafted into service. Those who fought for monetary payment were generally called mercenaries. Soldiers received basic training in a wide range of weaponry and combat tactics, from hand-to-hand combat to heavy weapons. Soldiers that received advanced training and equipment were called commandos. Soldiers of the Galactic Republic that served during the Old Republic era consisted of Republic soldiers and Republic troopers. During the Clone Wars, the Republic's infantry force consisted mainly of Clone troopers. The basic soldiers of the Galactic Empire's Imperial Military were the Imperial Army troopers and the stormtroopers, who were almost exclusively Human. During the Rebellion era, the Rebel Alliance's standard foot soldiers were the Rebel troopers, while the specially trained soldiers were called SpecForce, or Alliance Special Forces. Small teams of soldiers were sometimes organized into squads which consisted of four to six members and led by a higher ranking soldier. Two or more squads together formed a company. In the lead of large groups of soldiers were commanders who had great knowledge of tactics and strategy which enabled those under their command to fight with enhanced efficiency. The combined forces of soldiers who fought on foot were usually referred to as infantry. Spacefaring soldiers were known as star-warriors or marines.
Sovereign Protectors were the elite bodyguards of Darth Sidious, the Sith Lord and Galactic Emperor who returned from death to lead a new Sith Empire. A cadre of crimson-armored sentinels, they were considered the best soldiers in a secret army of Sith troopers trained by the Sith Eternal cult. The Sovereign Protectors were stationed on the planet Exegol—in the throne room of the Sith Citadel—for the security of the Emperor, who, weakened after his first death, depended on an Ommin harness to survive. The Jedi Rey and Ben Solo defeated the Sovereign Protectors in the Battle of Exegol, leaving the Emperor to face the Force dyad alone.Sovereign Protectors served as elite bodyguards of Darth Sidious, the reborn Galactic Emperor and Dark Lord of the Sith who sought to reclaim the galaxy for a new Sith Empire. Stationed on the ancient Sith planet Exegol, they were responsible for security in the Sith Citadel—including the chamber housing the Throne of the Sith—on Exegol, an ancient Sith planet in the Unknown Regions. In 35 ABY, the Sovereign Protectors fought against the Jedi Rey and Ben Solo in the Battle of Exegol. Initially, the crimson bodyguards appeared to flank the risen Sith Lord while he spoke to Rey about her destiny to rule the Sith as Empress. They surrounded Rey, preventing her escape and further augmenting her to accept Palpatine's proposal. Unbeknownst to them nor the Dark Lord, Ben Solo had arrived on Exegol using a TIE scout and was racing to Rey's location. Rey then feigned agreeing to the Dark Lord's terms and followed the rituals of the ceremony up until it was time to strike down her grandfather. The Protectors remained watchful of the ritual until it was clear that the girl was not going along with the plan. Solo killed several guardsmen with a blaster before the Knights of Ren confronted him, while the guards in the throne room opened fire on Rey after she refused her grandfather's entreaty to succeed him. As soon as Rey ignited Leia's lightsaber in defiance to Darth Sidious' offer, the Dark Lord retreated in his mechanics while the Protectors all at once stepped forward to kill the youth. Despite their numerical advantage, none of the Sovereign Protectors succeeded in harming Rey, whose bond with Solo augmented her Force powers. The Jedi apprentice defeated all but one of the guardsmen using her command of the Force to redirect their blaster fire at themselves and their comrades. The last Sovereign Protector was defeated by the telekinetic skills of Solo, who arrived in the throne room to stand with Rey as a dyad in the Force.A military rank similar to that of the Old Empire's Royal Guard, individuals of this position acted as the personal guards of Darth Sidious. Such a rank within the Sith Eternal could only have been achieved by the best of their army's Sith troopers.Clad in red and black armor resembling that of a Sith trooper, a Sovereign Protector bore a crimson full-body cape fitted at the neck that evoked the old Imperial Royal Guard, as well as a unique two-pronged blaster rifle. The Protector's helmets were very similar to the standard Sith trooper's, though they were shielded above the eye slit by a lip extending from the headpiece similar to that of a wet-weather gear stormtrooper's.
Special Agent was a rank used by several organizations. During the Cold War, it was used by the Republic Strategic Information Service and ranked above Agent and below Bureau Chief. It was also a position in the Senate Bureau of Intelligence, held by Wullf Yularen. The Special forces of the Imperial Stormtrooper Corps, also known as storm commandos, used the rank to designate agents assigned to specific missions. Special Agent was a catch-all term for Alliance to Restore the Republic operatives that filled unique posts. Greg Somax, an agent embedded at the Imperial Naval Academy, was classified as a Special Agent. They were also referred to as Special Operatives. Ben Skywalker held it while working for the Galactic Alliance Guard.
Specialist was a rank in the armed forces of the Galactic Empire. In 10 BBY, Imperial deck technician Odeffro Msern held the rank, as did Gillen Finders, a swamp trooper.
Specialist was a military rank in the Republic Military during the Great Galactic War and the Cold War. It was below a Corporal and above a Private. Specialists were also used in the Alliance to Restore the Republic, where they denoted soldiers tasked with performing specialist tasks inside combat squads, such as heavy weapons operators.
Squadron captain was an officer of high rank. The officer had superiority as captain of a squadron composed of starfighters.
Squadron commander was a military role undertaken by individuals responsible for commanding a squadron. It was used in the Galactic Empire, New Republic, Resistance and the First Order. During the evacuation of D'Qar, Resistance pilot Lieutenant Tallissan Lintra was squadron commander for Blue Squadron.
Squadron Leader was a positional title within the Imperial Navy's Flight Branch during the time of the Galactic Empire. The title was appended to the ranks of TIE pilots in the Starfighter Corps who were in command of TIE squadrons. Stevan Makintay served as the Squadron Leader for Eyrie Base's Green Squadron. The title was also used by the New Republic New Republic Defense Fleet.
Staff Corporal was a military rank used by the Galactic Empire and Rebel Alliance.
Staff Sergeant was a military rank used by the New Republic and Galactic Empire. Several months after the battle of Endor, Hern Kaveen held this title. In the Imperial Army, staff sergeant was considered a commissioned rank, with the officer wearing a gray uniform.
Staff Sergeant was a military rank used by the Galactic Empire and the Rebel Alliance.
A station chief was a title used for a supervisor of an intelligence network. Captain Berch Teller served as the Republic Intelligence station chief on Antar 4 during the Clone Wars.
Station commander was a rank within the Galactic Empire that was used on board their Death Star superweapon. Station commanders were responsible for commanding one of the four station control centers, each of which oversaw the operations of one of the Death Star's hemispheres. Commanders Pamel Poul and Sheard both held the position in Station Control West. Moff Tiaan Jerjerrod served as the station commander aboard the DS-2 Death Star II Mobile Battle Station.
Sub-commander was an officer rank within the starfleet of the Galactic Empire.
A sub-officer was an Imperial non-commissioned officer.
Sublieutenant was a rank of junior officer within the Galactic Empire. Slallen held the rank while she worked at a monitoring station of the Death Star's Station Control West.
Sublieutenant, or sub-lieutenant, was the military title given to ensigns undergoing command training. "Sublieutenant" was also the name of the rank below Vigo in the Black Sun crime syndicate. The Corellian crime organization called the Meatlump Gang also used this rank.
Superior General was the title taken by warlord Sander Delvardus.
Supply clerk was a rank in the militarized society of the Alanciari, the Keshiri natives of the continent of Alanciar on the planet Kesh.
Supply Master was a position within various military organizations such as the Alliance Military and the Imperial Military.During the Galactic Civil War, Captain Hark'r served as a Supply Master for the Reekeene's Roughnecks. In 0 ABY, Commander Silam Dunerz served as a Supply Master for the 501st Legion.
Supreme was a high-level military rank within the Tof military. It was given to Tof commanders who oversaw an entire space fleet. During the Battle of Zeltros of the Nagai–Tof War, an unidentified Supreme commanded the Tof forces with help from the Wayfarer.
Supreme Admiral was a rank assigned to the commander of the Exocron Airfleet, and its successor, the Exocron Combined Air-Space Fleet. In 19 ABY, Horzao Darr was known to hold this rank.
Supreme Commander was a high rank borne by military and paramilitary officers in the service of most of the major galactic powers of the Imperial and post-Imperial eras. Most Supreme Commanders were the senior-most admiral in a navy. As most major states and powers of these eras used at least one version of this rank, full information is divided among several pages: CanonSupreme Commander— used by the senior-most officer of Imperial High Command, and held direct control over the Imperial Armed Forces. It was once held by Grand General Cassio Tagge.Supreme Commander— used by the King of Mon Cala, who led the military of the monarchy.Supreme Commander of the Alliance Armed Forces— used by an official within the Alliance Armed Forces who, along with only the Alliance Chief of State, could award the Kalidor Crescent.Supreme fleet commander— used by Admiral Gial Ackbar in the Alliance Fleet by time of the Battle of Endor.Supreme Martial Commander of the Separatist Droid Armies— used by the leader of the Confederacy of Independent Systems armed forces. It was held by General Grievous throughout the Clone Wars. LegendsGalactic RepublicJediGalactic Empire and Imperial RemnantFel Empire and Darth Krayt's Sith EmpireRebel AllianceAlliance of Free Planets, New Republic and Galactic AllianceYuuzhan VongConfederacy of Independent SystemsVagaariCorelliaConfederationOne SithMandaloriansMon Cala Category:Military rank
The title of Supreme Commander was one of the highest ranks accorded in the militaries of the Alliance to Restore the Republic, the Alliance of Free Planets, the New Republic, and the Galactic Federation of Free Alliances alike; but the usage of the title varied considerably over time. The military High Command of the Alliance to Restore the Republic was led by the Chief of State in the ex officio capacity of Allied Forces Commander-in-Chief, assisted by the Alliance Minister of War, the Alliance Chief of Staff, and a council of Supreme Allied Commanders, each with responsibility for a distinct aspect of the Alliance military: Fleet Command (Fleet)—the Alliance's armada of combat warships, and attached support units.Ordnance and Supply (OaS)—weapons, equipment and supply procurement, and also R&D.Starfighter Command (StarCom)—administrative oversight of starfighter forces and pilot training; only a few "rogue" squadrons are under the direct operational control of StarCom.Support Services (Support)—supply ships, safeworlds and hospital ships.Intelligence (Intell)—espionage and analysis.Special Forces (SpecForces)—the Alliance's ground troops.Sector Command (SecCom)—oversight over the semi-autonomous Sector Forces controlled by governments and resistance groups that pledged allegiance to the Alliance. Although often referred to as "Chief of Intelligence", "Chief of Sector Command", etc., these officers were known collectively as the "Supreme Allied Commanders" or simply "Supreme Commanders", and it appears that this was part of their full formal title; for instance, the titles of "Supreme Allied Commander for Intelligence" and "Supreme Allied Commander for Special Forces" survived until c. 12 ABY, although by then these two posts had effectively been amalgamated into a single office. By far the most important of the Supreme Allied Commanders was the head of Fleet Command, with the rank of Admiral of the Fleet—Admiral Gial Ackbar. Ackbar's command incorporated not just the Rebellion's major combat warships, but also its own Fleet Intelligence, Starfighter Command and Ordnance and Support departments, essentially duplicating much of the structure of the high command. In many respects, the Fleet was a fully-functional and self-contained armed forces within the Alliance military organization, with Ackbar exercising complete control from his flagship, Home One, and regularly delegating his place on the high command to a subordinate; but the devolved hierarchy can also be compared to those of Sector Forces, and seen as a reflection of the Alliance ideology.After the victory at Endor, major reforms occurred: the increase in ground troops led to a new bilateral division into Army and Navy, and a cumbersome bureaucratic superstructure was imposed: the Ministry of War was renamed the Ministry of Defense, and additional Ministries of the Army and the Navy were formed, creating three Council-level political appointments with overlapping jurisdictions. Yet in terms of operational control, what happened was that the Fleet simply gobbled up the other commands: Ackbar—still normally commanding on the front line from Home One—became Commander-in-Chief of the entire New Republic military (though still subordinate to the Chief of State). The old high command ceased to function as a council of state, but security forces acquired a new definition, with General Crix Madine becoming Supreme Allied Commander for both SpecForces and Intelligence. About ten years after Endor, the entire cumbersome political apparatus was swept away, and military authority was concentrated in a new post of Supreme Commander. Officially, this post replaced the Minister of Defense, but with the office filled by the Admiral of the Fleet, and no civilian ministries to get in the way, it represented in practice the apotheosis of the process of concentration of military authority in Fleet Command that can be observed in earlier developments. The independence of the other Supreme Allied Commanders was ended, their former agencies subordinated to the Supreme Commander: in effect, Fleet Command's preexisting Starfighter Command, Ordnance and Support and Fleet Intelligence departments absorbed StarCom, OaS and Support, and much of the combined Intel/SpecForces hierarchy. In the twenty years or so between Admiral Ackbar's initial appointment as Supreme Allied Commander for the Fleet and his retirement as Supreme Commander of the New Republic Defense Force, the only changes in the actual organizational superstructure of his command were thus as follows: subordinate field commands passed from a flexible group of Line Admirals to five Fleet commanders; Ordnance and Support was renamed Quartermaster; and the Fleet absorbed the rest of the military. Of the former commands, only Intelligence survived as an independent department—in fact, it was totally separated within the constitutional hierarchy, under a Director rather than a Supreme Commander, and more-militarized elements of the former SpecForces, such as the Katarn Commandos, were absorbed by Fleet Intelligence. By the time the Yuuzhan Vong invasion began, Ackbar had retired, and the Supreme Commander was the Sullustan Fleet Admiral Sien Sovv, an able administrator and determined organizer. Although a hero on Sullust, Sovv did not inspire the same awe in many of his personnel as Ackbar, and he was not a famous battlefleet commander. He further differed from Ackbar in his willingness to participate openly in the New Republic's political scrum—and he accordingly conducted the war from a desk on Coruscant, rather than the command deck of a battleship. Nor was he perhaps the most compassionate, tactically flexible or surgically deft operational commander—but then, it cannot have been easy for him to follow a legend like Ackbar, and he shared with his celebrated predecessor a doughty determination to win, and an understated capability to deploy ships, personnel and infrastructure to that end. Cal Omas' constitutional reforms following the Yuuzhan Vong conquest of Coruscant were largely theoretical. In practice, the Galactic Alliance consisted of the Councilors, Senators and Defense Force command elements that had regrouped on Mon Calamari, and Sien Sovv remained as Supreme Commander, although now commanding the war from the Super Star Destroyer Guardian. After leading the Alliance to victory, Sovv was briefly replaced by Fleet Admiral Traest Kre'fey, but he soon returned, and held office until his death in 36 ABY. At this point, as a conflict between Killiks and Chiss threatened to become a galaxywide war, Cal Omas called Imperial Grand Admiral Gilad Pellaeon out of retirement to serve as Alliance Supreme Commander. He remained in that position for the next four years, until the start of the Second Galactic Civil War, resigning over disagreements about the Galactic Alliance Guard. He was replaced by the politically ambitious Cha Niathal. After Niathal defected from the Galactic Alliance Chief of State Darth Caedus did not appoint a new Supreme Commander. It is unknown who Chief of State Daala appointed after Niathal went MIA during the Second Battle of Roche in 41 ABY. Constitutionally, the Supreme Commander was appointed by the Chief of State; under the mature New Republic constitution, the Senate confirmed the appointment, and could also recall the Supreme Commander by a Vote of No Confidence. In practice, the Supreme Commander seems to have always been, by rank, the most senior serving Admiral answerable to the government he served, but it is unknown if this was a requirement for appointment.{|class="wikitable"|-|Period|Supreme Commander|- valign="top"|c. 2 BBY–4 ABY||- valign="top"|c. 3 ABY||- valign="top"|4–23 ABY||- valign="top"|23–29 ABY|Sien Sovv|- valign="top"|29 ABY|Traest Kre'fey|- valign="top"|Unknown–36 ABY|Sien Sovv|- valign="top"|36–40 ABY||- valign="top"|40–41 ABY||- valign="top"|43 ABY–Unknown||}
Supreme Commander was the title given to the commander of the Jedi forces during the Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire. When the Jedi Order learned that the Sith Emperor intended to consume all life in the galaxy, and that the fallen Jedi Master Tol Braga was aiding Imperial forces on the embattled planet of Corellia, Grand Master Satele Shan appointed the Jedi Knight known as the Hero of Tython as Supreme Commander of all Jedi forces on the planet.
The Supreme Commander was the rank borne by the King of Mon Cala as leader of the Mon Cala planetary defense services. During the Clone Wars, although he had not yet been crowned as king, Prince Lee-Char served as the Supreme Commander in the Battle of Mon Cala.
The Supreme Commander was the leader of the Vagaari's military forces. The only known Vagaari Supreme Commander was Estosh.
The Supreme Commander of the Alliance Armed Forces was a rank within the Alliance Military during the Galactic Civil War. The Rebel Alliance's Supreme Commander and the Alliance Chief of State were the only individuals who could award the Kalidor Crescent, as it was considered so prestigious.
Supreme Commander of the Confederation military was the title accorded to the leader of the armed forces of the Confederation military.The post of Supreme Commander was created when the Five Worlds of the Corellian system were joined in their war against the Galactic Alliance by other planets, including Bothawui and Commenor. The member governments of the new union needed to find a relatively neutral military leader to take command of their combined fleets, and new planets were encouraged to join the Confederacy with the suggestion that one of their commanders might be elected as a compromise candidate. The Confederation led the Alliance to believe that a conference to select the new Supreme Commander was being held at Gilatter VIII. In fact, General Turr Phennir had already been appointed to the position, and the "conference" was a ruse to draw the Alliance into the Battle of Gilatter VIII. As Supreme Commander, General Phennir wore a white uniform in a style similar to those worn by officers of the Galactic Empire that he had once served—reminiscent of, if not actually identical to, the uniform of an Imperial Grand Admiral. At the Unification Summit in 43 ABY, Phennir appeared with Natasi Daala and Jagged Fel as the Confederation's representative indicated that, like the Imperial Remnant, the Supreme Commander acted as a de facto, if not de jure, head of state for the Confederation.
Supreme Commander of the Corellian Defense Force was the position given to Wedge Antilles after the death of Minister of War Thrackan Sal-Solo. It made him the highest ranking officer of the Corellian defense fleet. After Antilles resigned, the post was given to Genna Delpin. If Delpin remained the Supreme Commander, or the post remained in existence after Turr Phennir was appointed Supreme Commander of the Confederation military remains unknown.
Supreme Commander of the Droid Armies, also called Separatist Supreme Commander, was the title held by General Grievous during the Clone Wars as the absolute leader of the Confederacy military, until his demise on Utapau. He allegedly inherited this rank from Sev'rance Tann.
The supreme fleet commander, previously known as the supreme commander of the Alliance fleet, was the title held by Admiral Gial Ackbar in the Rebel Alliance Navy by time of the Battle of Endor. He continued to serve as the supreme commander in the ensuing battles, including the Battle of Jakku, which was the final engagement of the Galactic Civil War.
Supreme Leader was a military title used by Asajj Ventress, a Force-sensitive assassin who served as a commander in the Separatist Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars. During her time as Supreme Leader, Ventress deployed a battalion of battle droids against Yoda in an effort to kill the Grand Master of the Jedi Order. However, Yoda defeated the Separatist droids with the help of the diplomatic service clone troopers and confronted Ventress in person, causing the Supreme Leader to flee from Rugosa.
Supreme Leader was a title.During the Clone Wars, Asajj Ventress was referred to as Supreme Leader by her forces at the Mission to Rugosa. During the Galactic Civil War, in the aftermath of the Battle of Endor, the title was taken by several Imperial Warlords.
Supreme Martial Commander of the Separatist Droid Armies, also referred to as Supreme Commander of the Droid Army, was the title held by General Grievous during the Clone Wars as the absolute leader of the Confederacy of Independent Systems's Droid Army, until his demise on Utapau.
Supreme Warlord was the title that Blitzer Harrsk took for himself as an independent warlord by 12 ABY.
Tactical commander was a high-level rank in the military of the Nikardun Destiny. When Qilori of Uandualon asked General Yiv the Benevolent what his plans were, the general asked if Qilori had been promoted to tactical commander.
Tactical officer was a rank within various militaries, including the Galactic Empire, Rebel Alliance and Resistance. Ensign Cauley served as a tactical officer on board the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Ultimatum during its mission to the planet Gorse.
A tactical officer was a type of officer who served on a ship. The cousin of Queen Breha Organa of Alderaan served as a tactical officer on the Republic ship Bespin Dancer during the Clone Wars. In 21 BBY, the Dancer was destroyed over the planet Falleen by Separatist forces and Organa's cousin was killed.
Tan was a title-rank that was bestowed to exceptionally skilled pilots under the rule of Palpatine, Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic. It remained in use even after Palpatine appointed himself Galactic Emperor of the New Order. Two well-known recipients of the special award were Force-sensitive Humans. One was Anakin Skywalker, a Jedi Knight who gained fame during the Clone Wars. The other was Maarek Stele, who distinguished himself in the Imperial Navy during the later Galactic Civil War.Tan was both a military rank and a honorary title awarded to Starfighter Corps officers who had done their Head of State a special service, in recognition of their exceptional piloting skills. It was used as a honorific prefix to its bearer's surname, sometimes in combination with the masculine form of address "Master." Additionally, the wife of a male recipient could also be referred to as "Mistress Tan" followed by her married name.The name and concept of Tan was created by Palpatine, Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic, during the Clone Wars, a pan-galactic conflict that started in 22 BBY. Following the end of the war in 19 BBY, Palpatine transformed the Republic into a New Order and appointed himself Galactic Emperor. However, the title-rank Tan saw continued use under the new regime. Among the individuals who earned the title, at least two were Force-sensitive Human males. The first was Anakin Skywalker, a Jedi Knight from Tatooine who fought in the Clone Wars and was granted the title while flying a customized Eta-2 Actis-class interceptor by 20 BBY. The second one was Maarek Stele, a Kuan-born ace pilot who made a brilliant career in Palpatine's Imperial Navy during the Galactic Civil War, after he helped thwart an attempted coup in 3.5 ABY. The fact that Skywalker had once held the title-rank appeared in the database of Mistress Mnemos, a BRT supercomputer that served in a library branch of the Obroa-skai Celebratus Archive located on the planet Fusai. Mnemos once referred to him and his wife Padmé Amidala as "Master and Mistress Tan Skywalker" in a file pertaining to their son, Luke Skywalker.
A Team Prime was the leader of a squad of Mistryl Shadow Guard warrior-women. In 0 BBY, for example, Manda D'ulin was the Team Prime of a group of six warriors, capable of operating as commandos or infiltrators, and also able to perform low-level space missions with their two heavy fighters, the Skyclaw and Mirage. Another warrior was the Team Prime of a group of warriors and slicers at the Mistryl safe house on Naboo in 1 ABY.
Tech communications officer was a position held by Rebel Alliance Lieutenant Romas Navander while serving at Echo Base, the Rebel headquarters on the planet of Hoth.
Tech Sergeant was a rank within the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Hooly had achieved this rank.
Technical Lieutent was a title held in the Galactic Empire, it was held by Makkor von Urron.
Technical officer was a rank within several armed forces and security forces, including the Galactic Empire, the Alliance to Restore the Republic, and the Corellian Security Force. In the Galactic Empire, technical officers were staff officers assigned to Imperial Army garrisons and field commands. In garrison commands, they held the rank of High Colonel.
Towmaster was a rank in the Prakith navy aboard Imperial Patrol Frigates.
Regional Commander was the title given to officers of the Trade Federation who oversaw particular areas of the galaxy under Federation control. The Neimoidian officer Harro Ruuk was Regional Commander of the Karthakk system as of 22 BBY, and directed Federation forces against Nym's Lok Revenants from a sensor station on Maramere.
Trainees were the lowest rank in the Alanciari military, which was the defense force of the Alanciari. The Alanciari were a Keshiri civilization, whom inhabited the continent of Alanciar on the Wild Space planet of Kesh. Following the arrival of the Keshiri exile Adari Vaal in 4975 BBY, the Alanciari had developed a militaristic civilization which was designed to resist any invasion by the Sith Tribe living on the neighboring continent of Keshtah Minor. Trainees consisted of both male and female Keshiri youth who were conscripted between the ages of twelve and fifteen. Several trainees participated in the defense of Alanciar during the Sith invasion of Alanciar in 2975 BBY.
Trial-born was the name of Chiss who were in the military, but still had the opportunity to come back to their families. Members of the military often gave up their ranks when they retired from active duty and became regular Chiss of their society.
Troopers, sometimes referred to as troops or grunts, were soldiers who served in a military force, such as that of the clone troopers of the Grand Army of the Republic, who were bred on Kamino,Star Wars: Episode II Attack of the Clones the stormtroopers of the Galactic Empire, elite troops deployed on the frontlines and stationed aboard installations such as Star Destroyers, the Alliance troopers of the Rebel Alliance, the stormtroopers of the First Order, and the Resistance Troopers of General Leia Organa's Resistance.
Trooper was a rank used in various armies, including the Galactic Federation of Free Alliances and the Galactic Empire. The Imperial Army troopers were the standard infantry of the Imperial Army. The rank of Trooper was used in both the Alliance Army and Alliance Special Forces, and was equivalent to the rank of Deckman in the Alliance Fleet. Troopers could be promoted to the rank of Senior Trooper. Trooper was sometimes used as a generic term to refer to Imperial stormtroopers or other types of soldiers.
Unit Commander was a Ssi-ruu military rank. It was held by Th'twirirl.
Vaklu officer was a rank within General Vaklu's military during the Onderon Civil War. They normally were armored in a light blue battle suit, and carried a one-hand blaster pistol for ranged combat and a vibrosword for melee dueling. These officers were akin to the rank of sergeant in most armies, leading groups of approximately ten men.
Vice Admiral was a rank in the hierarchy of various navies. A vice admiral was senior to a rear admiral, and junior to an admiral. In the Galactic Empire, known holders of the rank included Dodd Rancit and Terrinald Screed, both part of the Naval Intelligence Agency. However, Rancit was found to have been aiding a group of dissidents and was executed. Rae Sloane held the rank of vice admiral in the years following the Gorse conflict. Perwin Gedde was a Vice Admiral who went AWOL sometime after the Battle of Endor. During the Cold War, Amilyn Holdo was a vice admiral in the Resistance navy.
Vice Admiral was a rank in many navies. Vice Admirals were superior to Rear Admirals, but inferior to the rank of Admiral. Examples of Vice Admirals include Thrawn and Gilad Pellaeon, the former previous to his promotion to Grand Admiral. Within the Imperial Navy, Vice Admirals held a position of Fleet Admiral when they were in charge of a fleet, a position of systems admiral (also known as commodore) when they commanded a systems force or a position of commander when they were in charge of a squadron. Vice Admiral ranked above Rear Admiral, and below Admiral.SlennAlpiett GredgeThrawnGilad Pellaeon
Vice General was a rank used by the military of the Galactic Empire. Adambo held this rank in the months following the Battle of Endor.
Vice-Commandant was a rank used by the InterStellar Regulators. During the time of the Conquest of Makeb, the rank was held by Grevin in opposition to the Republic strike force and the citizens of Makeb.
A warchief was the military leader of a small organization, usually a primitive village or city. Kerritamba Village of the Kkowir Forest on Kashyyyk had a warchief. In 1 ABY, their warchief was a Wookiee named Naloriss.
Wardmaster was a rank in the militarized society of the Alanciari, the Keshiri natives of the continent of Alanciar on the planet Kesh.
A warlord was a military leader in charge of civilian territory. The Confederacy of Independent Systems made use of several warlords including General Grievous, who plotted to blockade and occupy planets such as Ryloth. Other Confederate warlords were Archduke Poggle the Lesser of the Stalgasin hive and the Karkarodon Riff Tamson. Pong Krell, despite being a Jedi, was a warlord. Kaplan was an Imperial warlord. Following their major loss in the Battle of Endor, which saw the first death of Galactic Emperor Sheev Palpatine and destruction of DS-2 Death Star II Mobile Battle Station, the Galactic Empire shattered into factionalism. After its fall in the Battle of Jakku, the once centralized empire was reduced to scattered warlords and mercenaries. Approximately three decades after the Battle of Endor, Kylo Ren severed his ties with the Jedi Order and became a warlord of the First Order.
A warlord was a military leader who held civil authority over a region. It was also used to describe the leaders of certain alien clans. The term warlord was prominently used to describe leaders of Imperial splinter factions during the later parts of the Galactic Civil War. Under the Galactic Empire, the ceremonial title of Warlord of the Empire was bestowed upon a select group of senior military commanders, primarily Grand Admirals and Grand Moffs, by Emperor Palpatine. An honorary rank, Warlords of the Empire did not have an assigned specific code cylinder or rank plaque. After the Battle of Endor, the term "warlord" came to be applied rather indiscriminately to surviving leaders of the Imperial military and political apparatus. This usage of the term is generally associated with the fragmentation of Imperial space into mutually hostile localized despotates, but in reality, the situation was more complex than is often realized. Warlords were also sometimes referred to as "jarheads." One of the three leading "warlords", Treuten Teradoc, remained nominally loyal to Imperial Center for more than two years after Endor and, even after this date, Teradoc continued to use only his legitimate title of High Admiral, albeit now claiming authority over an Oversector in the Mid Rim that seems to have been his own invention. Two other prominent warlords, Harrsk and Zsinj, both used the title of Warlord in preference to their rank as Admirals, but while Harrsk's style of Supreme Warlord was his own invention, Zsinj had certainly been granted the title of Warlord legitimately before Endor, for his fratricidal campaign against his piratical mother in the early days of the Empire. The term "warlord" broadly came to denote those fleet commanders who rallied, and sometimes forcibly seized control of, Imperial ships and troop formations after Endor; in this context, the term was used by members of the Cabal, approximately six months after Endor, with reference to Harrsk and Teradoc, while Teradoc at least was still nominally a loyalist. Mon Mothma, one of the leaders of the Rebel Alliance, had ominously warned of the risk of any commander having a Star Destroyer becoming a warlord shortly after the Battle of Endor. However, within the New Republic, the title of Warlord could be extended to include any surviving Imperial leader, military or civilian, including those like Ysanne Isard who dominated what remained of the New Order's legitimate administrative apparatus. This usage may merely represent propagandist attempts to undermine any sense of legitimacy these leaders still held, but it also shows how generic the usage of the term was. Breakaway warlords generally had two different motivations for leaving the Empire. The primary reason seemed to be to gain more personal power. A second reason was often that they felt that they could better resist the New Republic on their own than with the fragmenting Empire. Most breakaway warlords were concentrated in the Mid Rim, with a few exploiting the chaos in the Expansion Region and the Inner Rim. They often concentrated their resources in systems they formerly governed or patrolled, where they were already familiar with the populace and their surroundings. The title of Warlord was also used to describe military leaders of factions independent of the Empire, such as leaders of different Separatist holdouts or the Drackmarian warlord Omogg. In this context, it often referred to alien military freebooters who seized control of Rimward worlds, such as Qymaen jai Sheelal, but it was also used by military chieftains among the Human population of Brentaal IV, like Shogar Tok during the Clone Wars. Another warlord is the one that seizes control on Kariek.
Warrant Officer was a rank present in many militaries across the galaxy. A warrant officer did not have a specific task as other ranks such as Admiral did, but instead specialized in a particular field that other crew members had little or no knowledge of. An example of this would be a warrant officer who specialized in monitoring the ship's functions, or a warrant officer who specialized in operating the ship's tractor beam. In some militaries, the next rank after Warrant Officer was Chief Warrant Officer, which was ascended by Master Warrant Officer (typically the highest noncommissioned officer rank in a given military). In other militaries (such as the Grand Army of the Republic and subsequently the Imperial Army), there were two Warrant Officer ranks: Junior Warrant Officer and Senior Warrant OfficerBachenkallM'Kae
A Wave gunner was a type of soldier in the Naddist army, which, in the year 4000 BBY, was under the command of Queen Amanoa of the planet Onderon. These gunners were stationed in Defense tower battlestations that lined the walls of Onderon's capital city of Iziz. Also in 4,000 BBY, during the Battle for Iziz, the Wave gunners, under the call signs Gunner 1 and Gunner 4, were commanded by Amanoa to fire their complements of turbolasers and ion cannons at the oncoming force of Beast Riders.
Wing Commander or Wing Leader was a rank used by the Rebel Alliance, the Galactic Empire and the Resistance. During the Battle of Endor, Adon Fox flew as wing commander of Blade Squadron.
Wing Commander was a military rank in the Grand Army of the Republic, Imperial, New Republic, and Yuuzhan VongThe New Jedi Order: Enemy Lines I: Rebel Dream militaries.Although the full rank appears to be "wing commander," a person holding this rank was generally referred to simply as "commander." In the Rebel Alliance, the rank in Starfighter Command was used interchangeably with colonel.
Wing Leader was a rank in the Imperial Navy's Starfighter Corps during the Age of the Empire. During the Mission to Ryloth in 14 BBY, Arim Meensa was a Wing Leader stationed on the Imperial protectorate of Ryloth.
A Wookiee Chieftain, also known as a Wookiee Elder, was a high rank certifying a Wookiee with the ability to lead and to command troops on the battlefield. Chieftains also played roles with some government issues such as battles or war. They had notably the right to cancel the festivites of the Life Day, the most important of the Wookiee holidays. At the time of the Galactic Republic, a council of venerated Elders accompanied Kashyyyk's representative to the Galactic Senate on Coruscant. Merumeru was a Chieftain at the time of the Battle of Kashyyyk and, at a mere 250 years old, was one of the youngest to have held the title. About two decades later, during the Galactic Civil War, the female Wookiee Ovarra acted as a Chieftan.
Yeoman was a military rank or title in the Republic Navy, Imperial Navy and the New Republic Navy and Honor Guard. Their duties included military and bodyguard service.
Administrator was a title held by employees of Outer Rim Oreworks (ORO) who were responsible for the management of any mining interests of ORO in a certain location, such as a planet. An Administrator was supposed to be profitable for ORO, so any mines under his jurisdiction were to give benefits. ORO provided Administrators with technology, sometimes leading to the mines being fully automated and requiring no organic intervention. ORO regularly sent inspectors to a mine, and the Administrator was to pay ORO for this privilege. An Administrator could either decide who would replace him, or his post could be revoked, whereupon a new Administrator would be chosen. In certain cases, should ORO abandon their assets in a certain location, an Administrator could be elected to manage the mines. Any other ORO employee with lower rank in the area was to answer to the local Administrator, even if the Administrator ordered that person to perform a task outside their area of expertise. For all these reasons, Hugo Bartyn, who worked for the exploratory branch of ORO, took advantage of his opportunity to become the Administrator of the ORO mines of the planet Lamaredd around five hundred years before the Battle of Naboo. He was a successful manager, and in the following five centuries, his descendants replaced him as Administrators. Eventually, a few years before the Battle of Naboo, ORO abandoned his mines in Lamaredd, the Administrator's power was revoked and a public election was held to choose a new Administrator.
A belter was an Ugnaught blood profession. Belters mined asteroids and passed their skills down to their children. In the event that there were more Ugnaughts than there were available job positions, a blood duel was called where Ugnaughts fought a series of battles to the death to inherit their blood profession.
A claim jumper was an independent miner who operated in areas claimed by others, either small-time operations or those controlled by larger mining corporations. Using stealthy techniques, the claim jumper would sneak into the controlled area and target only the most valuable of ores in inactive areas. Skilled claim jumpers could extract tons of ore before being discovered; although many did not risk being found out in the first place. Others who were more daring would continue to load the ore right up until the moment that security forces arrived. Claim jumpers sold their ores to less than reputable dealers. Claim jumpers were a particular problem in the ore-rich Expanse of the Tapani sector.
Corusca fishermen were miners who mined Corusca gems in the upper atmosphere of Yavin. They would typically attach an energy seine or flexisteel cable net with a thick mesh to several space-capable one-man skiffs and one trawler. The trawler would be used to provide propulsion for the entire group. Meanwhile, the skiffs would keep the net steady. To reduce the risk of being hit by Corusca gems, many Corusca fishermen would follow the paths of Yavin floaters. Doing so considerably increased the safety of Corusca mining, but it also reduced the speed at which the fishermen could operate and the amount of gems that made it into their nets. Since they were only operating in the upper atmosphere of Yavin, Corusca fishermen would only expect to catch smaller Corusca gems and dust, not the larger ones that were only present in the lower atmosphere. However, mining in the upper atmosphere was still considered worth the effort.
Dustdiver was a dangerous profession in class-three comet mining. Dustdivers would come to the surface of the comet in spacesuits and then mine valuable minerals such as Thorilide directly. Minimal gravity, deadly crevices and the danger of the comet vaporizing under the rays from the nearby star made this job most hazardous. In the Core Worlds it was one of the highest-paid jobs, though some organizations, like the Sungrazer cooperative, preferred to use slaves instead of paying for it.
The term miner was used to describe those of the mining trade. Eesh Fahm was a miner on the planet Ibaar.
Miner referred to a sentient being who worked in the mining trade. Often, the demands of extracting precious ores and gemstones from within the crust and atmospheres of planets, moons or even asteroids required the employment of strong individuals or members of species that were known for their superior strength.
Prospectors were frequently sighted in the Kuna's Eye system.Dexter Jettster was once a prospector on Subterrel.
Braganta was a Human female naturalist who lived during the time of the Galactic Civil War. Cerca 1 ABY, Braganta became concerned when a cargo vessel carrying illegal merchandise began leaking chemicals all over the landscape of Naboo, infecting a large percentage of local herbivores. With the help of a Force-sensitive spacer who was undergoing Jedi training, several falumpasets were destroyed, stymieing a spread of the chemical infestation. A Human female by the name of Braganta lived during the time of the Galactic Civil War, a major conflict between the Galactic Empire and the Alliance to Restore the Republic. By the time following the Battle of Yavin, Branganta worked as a naturalist. Cerca 1 ABY, she learned of a cargo vessel carrying a shipment of less than legal merchandise. This vessel ended up leaking chemicals all over the landscape of the planet Naboo, infecting a large percentage of the local herbivores, including falumpasets in particular. She and her compatriots had an idea on how to solve the problem, but she required the help of someone skilled enough to accomplish the task. Fortunately for Braganta, she was approached by a Force-sensitive spacer undergoing a series of Jedi Trials. As part of their training, the Padawan traveled the galaxy in search of citizens facing difficult situations. After hearing Braganta's plight, the Jedi-to-be reluctantly agreed to destroy a number of the creatures who ingested the chemicals, viewing it as a time in which a greater good outweighed a lesser evil. Because the falumpasets were the creatures which ate up the largest portion of the sludge that was spilled, Braganta instructed the Force-sensitive to destroy twenty of them. The spacer accomplished this task, thus stymieing the spread of the infestation before any serious consequences could arise. Although Braganta lamented the loss of such innocent creatures, she knew it was necessary, and commended the Force-sensitive for a job well done. Braganta had dark skin, black hair, and brown-colored eyes. Committed to her job as a naturalist, Braganta proved willing to eliminate creatures that posed a threat to the ecosystem. However, as evidenced by the case of the infected falumpasets, she did not derive any enjoyment from eliminating such creatures, merely viewing it as sad, but necessary business.During her time as a naturalist, Braganta wore a white and brownish-gray elegant gown, along with a pair of brownish-gray dress slippers.
Cheyl was a Selonian naturalist residing on the planet Rishi around 3626 BBY. Cheyl attempted to defend Rishi's ecosystem by protecting the few remaining orobirds from food tourists.
Kell Tolkani was a naturalist that served the Alliance to Restore the Republic on the planet Hoth. He chose the place of where Echo Base was to be established, and chose to remain on the world following the Battle of Hoth in order to study its wildlife.
Wallaw Loowobbli was a male Ithorian naturalist who lived during the time of the Galactic Civil War.Sometime following the Battle of Yavin in 0 BBY, he stayed at the cantina in the Trade Outpost on the planet Dathomir. While here, he tasked a spacer with impeding the Imperial scientist Shibb Nisshil's plan to capture bull rancors and use them to create an an army of Imperial cyber-rancors. Fearing devastation to the planet's ecosystem, the spacer agreed to help Loowobbli by eliminating the hunting team and saving the rancor before it could be brought to Nisshil in the Research Outpost. The rancor, rendered as docile as a bolma caf due to an implanted mind-control chip, was ultimately saved, and brought back to Loowobbli. Loowobbli also tasked the spacer with eliminating a Nightsister who was banished from her clan. Out of anger, the Nightsister agreed to work with the Empire by aiding Nisshil in leading rancor hunting parties. Once again, the spacer succeeded.
Dr'uun Unnh was a male Sullustan naturalist who served with the Rebel Alliance and was little recognized during his life, yet proved to be very thorough and exacting in his job. His work would continue to be utilized after his death, by the New Republic and the New Jedi Order.Early lifeNot much is known about Dr'uun Unnh's early life, but he was born and grew up on the Sullustan home world of Sullust. From an early age, he developed a fascination with gathering information and hoped during his life to contribute a small dollop to the knowledge bank of society. He made a point of studying all the major archaeological artifacts in the galaxy and gaining a broad working knowledge of natural history and alien ecosystems, so that he would be better equipped for a life of information gathering.In 0 BBY, Dr'uun Unnh traveled to Tatooine for unknown reasons. During his visit, he stopped at Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina. While at the bar, the Ariwook Rff Huff began shooting with the Ganimed bounty hunter Purong. Unnh pulled out his own blaster pistol to defend his own life if needed.The Mos Eisley Cantina Pop-Up BookHe joined the Rebel Alliance early on in the Galactic Civil War and was present at the Dantooine base, where he was fascinated by the early, tense struggles of the war. Like many Rebels, he always considered Dantooine only to be a temporary home for the Rebels, however as time went by, it began to become a more permanent base. However, an Imperial observation device was discovered in cargo of equipment brought to the base and they were forced to evacuate and search for a different location for a base. After the Alliance rejected the ideas of bases on Akuria II, Boz Pity, and Tynna, Unnh was the one to suggest the Great Temple on Yavin 4, a moon he had scouted.Star Wars Insider 92 The Alliance agreed and Unnh accompanied the teams of Rebel soldiers and the Alliance Corps of Engineers that were sent to Yavin 4 to reinforce and make habitable the crumbling temple. On his arrival on Yavin 4, Unnh was fascinated by what he found and it seemed to him as if the ruins and jungles were calling to him. He wanted straight away to start studying everything, but priority for the Rebels was on making the temple habitable, so he put his investigations on hold while he assisted with them. Despite this, he still took every opportunity he had to study details of the jungle at every place it intersected his work. His amazement at all the wonderful archaeological finds around him made him chitter, and he found it hard to concentrate on the task at hand. He kept his datapad with him at all times, to record his impressions, photographs of strange inscriptions, and keep precise before-and-after notations of the modifications made by the Rebel engineers. The engineers frequently needed his services, to crawl through tight tunnels where cave-ins had occurred, dragging power conduits behind him, and mounting illumination devices to assist in the repair activities. Occasionally, they would have to call to him, startling him out of a close inspection of a nest or fungus that he had discovered. When two levels of the temple were cleared for occupancy, Unnh was able to begin further exploration and he began to compile an enormous database of everything. He realized that it would take a dedicated team of scientists years to catalog everything on the small moon, so he hoped to be able to record the main features and species, so as to establish a framework which, in the future, when the war was over, scientists could use to finish the work in his name. He soon found clear indications of a deep and widespread destruction that had taken place thousands of years ago. He believed that this was also connected to the extinction of the temple-building Massassi and an ancient and devastating galactic conflict and he also hoped that future archaeological work could confirm this hypothesis. One of the first things he investigated was the climate of Yavin 4. He noticed that, because it was moon orbiting gas giant, had two types of nightfall: when the moon rotated on its axis, facing away from sun but still staring at Yavin Prime, a "twilight night" would occur, and when the moon went behind the planet, eclipsing the sun and causing what he called “dark night”. During their first few months on the jungle moon, several unexpected storm periods forced the Rebels to barricade themselves inside the ruins to protect themselves and during one of these, Unnh was studying the ruins of a small, isolated Massassi temple. He sat in the cold, damp temple listening to the howling wind and feeling the chill right through to his bones, as he wrote with great emotion on how he considered it to be the longest night of his life. He also discovered another amazing atmospheric phenomena, which he called "rainbow storm". He saw his first rainbow storm on the morning following a dark night. As the sun emerged from the side of the gas-giant, its ice crystals high up in the air combined with the polarized rays coming through the upper atmosphere, to create whirling, scintillating showers of rainbows. He captured images of this on his personal datapad and chattered excitedly about this to some of his friends. From that point on, some Rebels would climb the newly constructed observation towers to watch the rainbows pour down for the few minutes before the sunlight separated itself from the atmospheric fringe to shine full daylight on the moon. Dr'uun Unnh considered the jungles of Yavin 4 to be his greatest love there and he devoted much of his time studying them and identifying the various creatures there. Many sections of the Yavin jungles were so dense that they were impenetrable, even to a small Sullustan like Unnh. In some places, vines and trees interlocked and grew together to wall off isolated clearings. He discovered that the clearings were like microhabitats and were sealed off from the rest of the jungle, so that the trapped animals and plants eventually inbred so much that they died out. He studied the flora of Yavin 4 and recorded such species as the Massassi tree, the blueleaf, nebula orchids, and the touch-not, a highly dangerous plant that he learned first hand could cause the skin to blister and burn with he slightest touch. The sluggish rivers particularly intrigued him and he described them as "watered down primordial soup", with strange creatures within, like anglers, armored eels, swimming crabs, and mucous salamanders. He also devoted time to studying the behavior of land animals, like stintarils, runyips, and tree ticks. He was not too keen on woolamanders, after some of them pelted him with fruit and broken branches, while he was also not overly fond of piranha beetles, after watching them in a feeding frenzy, something he hoped never to have to see again.While many of the Rebels complained about their dim quarters in the damp temple, they reminded Unnh of the tunnel warrens on Sullust and he always slept comfortably and woke refreshed and eager to go out and investigate further. He studied the Great Temple and recorded the strange tile patterns in the Grand Audience Chamber. He liked to come into the vast chamber and listen to his own words as he dictated into his datapad and collected his thoughts in the peaceful solitude. As he heard his own whispers echo around the room, it seemed to him almost as if the Massassi were somehow spilling their lost and forgotten secrets. On foot, Unnh explored other Massassi temples in the surrounding area. Across the forks of a river close to the main base was a smaller temple, which he named the Temple of the Blueleaf Cluster, after the ornate carvings of blueleaves on its exterior. In the center of its main chamber, he discovered a strange, elongated crystal pyramid that filled the whole temple with strange, cold, blue light. Its surface felt to him to be cool and tingly, as if it was charged with static electricity and was a giant battery containing an enormous amount of power. As he gazed into it, he became convinced that he could see the withered faces of strange alien souls trapped within the crystal, gazing back at him. This scared him, and as no one knew what had happened to the Massassi, he advised caution to the other Rebels. General Dodonna agreed with him, and as soon as the initial exploration and mapping expeditions were complete, Dodonna had the temple sealed off and forbade the Rebels to go there. Across the other fork in the river, he found another temple, the Palace of the Woolamander. This was larger than the Temple of the Blueleaf cluster, but was in a much worse condition and was a crumbling ruin with a lot of structural damage. Unnh named it after a group of woolamanders that he found living in it that threw rock shards and rotting fruit at him. Because of this, he didn't get to have much of a look around it, but he was not that bothered by this as he didn't consider it to be of much interest anyway. As the Rebels began to settle down in their new base and into a tense, but well-ordered routine, Dr'uun Unnh began to travel further and further from the Great Temple during the course of his investigations. On maps taken from orbit above the moon, he could see there were many other temples poking through the forest canopy. So that he could go on wide-ranging trips to explore these temples and study wildlife elsewhere on the moon, he commandeered a smaller speeder bike, which he had to adjust to fit his compact stature. He fitted a tracking device to it and always made sure that he let someone at the Rebel base know where he was going and how long he was going to be, so that in an emergency, he could be found. He even got himself a blaster, although this was not much use as he had poor eyesight and a bad aim. Now that he was equipped, he was ready for expeditions further afield and it was during last one of these that he made what he considered to be his greatest discovery. On an island in the middle of a small lake, he found another temple, but this one was different from all the others, in that it appeared to have withstood the ravages of time. It was carved out of black obsidian and its runes and hieroglyphics were as fresh as the day they were made thousands of years before. No animals or plants had made their home in it, as if some unknown dark force prevented them from doing so. At the apex of the temple stood a statue of a dark man, who Unnh believed to be a Sith Lord. Unnh tried to read the runes for further information that might shed light on the identity of the man and he translated them with his datapad. He translated some as Sith magic and curses of defilers of the temple, but others told the story of the context in which the temple was constructed.I, Jedi He was astonished by this story and the runes gave compelling evidence to a theory that he had been developing in the back of his mind, that the extinction of the Massassi was the result of an ancient struggled between the Jedi Knights and the Sith, possibly connected to the legendary "Sith War". Unnh was very excited by his discovery and he climbed on his speeder bike and headed back towards the Great Temple, so that he could tell the other Rebels about what he had found. At that moment, the Battle of Yavin was beginning, but in his excitement, he failed to notice the Death Star approaching above the moon, or the squadrons of Y-wings and X-wings that flew up to confront it. An Imperial TIE/LN starfighter was damaged during the battle and the pilot unsuccessfully tried make an emergency landing, crashing on top of Unnh's speeder bike as he passed through a small clearing. The small Sullustan had been incredibly unlucky and was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. He died instantly. It wasn't until several days later that the Rebels found the body of Dr'uun Unnh. They had been preoccupied with counting the pilots and ships lost during the battle, and as a result did not realize he was missing. Rebel troops tracked him using the device that he had attached to his speeder bike and dragged his body out from beneath the wreck of the TIE Fighter. They buried him next to it and left him to become one with the moon that had been the subject of so much of his fascination and enthusiasm. Dr'uun Unnh's personal datapad was relatively undamaged and the search team took it from his body and gave it to the Rebel scientists back at the Great Temple, who carefully copied all the information that he had gathered. Although many of their computer records were damaged during the subsequent Imperial attacks, most of Unnh's work survived and the Rebels took it with them when they left Yavin 4 . Even during the days of the New Republic, most of the information known about Yavin 4 came from what he had recorded, with the New Jedi Order using the information Unnh had gathered to understand the moon, when Luke Skywalker established the Jedi Praxeum there in 11 ABY. After the death of Gantoris, Corran Horn used Unnh's data to try and find the location of the temple in which the spirit of Exar Kun was anchored. He used it to learn more about the Temple of the Blueleaf Cluster when he went there to survey it, along with Brakiss and Kam Solusar. When Horn later found the location of the temple, from Dorsk 81's datapad, he used Unnh's data again to find out more about that particular temple. The Unnh River on Yavin 4 was presumably named after him.The New Jedi Order: Edge of Victory I: ConquestDr'uun Unnh had a very inquisitive mind and was constantly trying to understand the order of the galaxy and how things fitted in to it. He was very enthusiastic about gathering information and was not daunted by the immense task he faced in cataloging all the lifeforms on Yavin 4; instead, that attracted him even more. However, his enthusiasm meant that he sometimes found it hard to keep his mind focused, such as when he was helping to make the Great Temple habitable, as he thought over new theories in his mind, or saw something interesting to study. He was a broad-based naturalist and this exerted itself well over his personality, as he viewed things with fascination, rather than the caution that they sometimes deserved. As a result, he sometimes got into situations that he only escaped through sheer luck, like when large, dangerous animals proved to be more interested in eating him than providing him with zoological data.
An Al'ma'den was one of the popal priests in the Ni'Shaw-Dak religion. A high rank, the Al'ma'dens were only second to the Third Prophet. There were only twelve Al'ma'den in the religion, housed at the Ministry headquarters.
The Cultists of the Huiyui-Tni were individuals who revered the Huiyui-Tni, an amphibious deity who exhaled a mystical energy.
An adept was a member of a Dulok group on the Forest Moon of Endor who performed certain arcane duties. The Korga Duloks employed individuals of this vocation.Star Wars Galaxies: The Complete Guide: Prima Official Game Guide, p. 311.
An oracle was a member of a Dulok group on the Forest Moon of Endor who was respected for wisdom and sound judgment. Murgoob was the oracle of Gorneesh's tribe. It was at Murgoob's suggestion that the Duloks turned the captured Ewok battle wagon against the Ewoks' Soul Trees in 3 ABY.
The Felucian shaman was a position held by members of the Jungle Felucian species. Native to the Force-rich world of Felucia, they were amongst the most talented natural Force-users in the galaxy. These individuals were the spiritual leaders of the Felucian race and were capable of using the Force to defend and heal their comrades or surround themselves in a defensive aura that was harmful to attackers. They ensured that any of their brethren who fall to the dark side were immediately executed in the Ancient Abyss - the resting place of one of the largest sarlaccs in the galaxy, for they knew that the presence of a strong dark Force-user would corrupt not only the flora and fauna of Felucia, but also the planet itself. For this reason those Felucians who showed interest and exceptional aptitude in the Force were usually trained in ways of shamanism whether they wanted to or not, because shamans could not risk a potential powerful Force-user growing up among them without receiving a proper training to resist the lure of the dark side. When pressed into battle, they were capable of defending themselves but often attempted to flee such engagements in order to use a combination of Force talents and their innate camouflage abilities to seemingly disappear to a safer distance from their enemies.Numerous shamans were present on Felucia to defend Jedi Master Shaak Ti from Darth Vader's assassin. However, many were killed in this attempt and when Shaak Ti died in the Ancient Abyss, a Shaman inspected the sarlacc to determine if she had survived. Once it was confirmed she died, the Felucians allowed Marek to leave their world. Sometime later, Shaak Ti's Padawan Maris Brood began to fall to the dark side of the Force which was corrupting the Felucians as well. When Marek returned to free Bail Prestor Organa, he had to fight numerous shamans once again on that planet.
Garoo were shamans of the Dantari people of Dantooine. Their knowledge was preserved and transferred to their successors by oral repetition. Some of the more knowledgeable Garoo retained information about the original Jedi outpost on Dantooine. Maga was a Garoo encountered by Mammon Hoole and Zak and Tash Arranda.
Haruspexes were fortune-telling entrail-readers from the planet Darlyn Boda. If and when a person presented a haruspex with a freshly killed toccat, the haruspex would give a specific, accurate prophecy regarding the person.
K'Kela Mey ("Mothers of the True Faith") was the title given to all female members of j'ber V'Sook. They were considered to be priestesses in all but name.
A monk was an individual who belonged to a religious community. Notable orders of monks included the B'omarr Order and the Arakein Monks. Because of the hooded robes they wore, the Jedi were sometimes compared to monks.
A monk was a religious worker. The religion of the insectoid Qieg included monks who maintained shrines in the planet's lowlands.
A pilgrim was an individual who traveled to locations of religious importance on journeys of spirituality. The ancient moon of Jedha was considered a sacred holy site by many, and as such was visited by pilgrims of various faiths, such as the Disciples of the Whills, the Brotherhood of the Beatific Countenance, the Clan of the Toribota, and the Central Isopter.
Pontifex was a religious title used by the Brotherhood of Cognizance. Centuries prior to 22 BBY,, it was common for a Pontifex to legalise marriages. The Pontifex Maxiron Agolerga legalised the marriage between Padmé Amidala and Anakin Skywalker in 22 BBY, after the practice hasn't been performed for 300 years.
Pontifex was a title held by a member of the Brotherhood of Cognizance, a religious order on the planet Naboo. Maxiron Agolerga, a Naboo holyman, held the title during the waning days of the Galactic Republic.
The priest caste was one of the most powerful castes in the Yuuzhan Vong social structure.The priests were those who were chosen to speak for the gods, save for Yun-Yuuzhan. They also took the auguries to see if the gods would favor the warriors in battle. As a caste, the priests had no specific deity to call their own, but were devoted to an individual deity for another caste. Members of the priest cast would often "purify" the Vong contaminated by technological items, an element forbidden in the Yuuzhan Vong society. The priest caste was very important in the choosing of the Supreme Overlord. There was a different subgroup within this caste known as the Deception sect that consisted of followers of the 'Trickster' goddess Yun-Harla and were used as spies in the galaxy. Another sect was the Order of Yun-Yuuzhan The actions of the priest caste began in the initial stages of the Yuuzhan Vong War when the Yuuzhan Vong made their advances into the galaxy after the failure of the Praetorite Vong in gaining a foothold.Harrar was involved in a plan at eliminating the Jedi by using the Priestess Elan as a means to deliver a bioweapon attack but this attempt failed. As the war continued, this caste began noting an increase of problems in the Yuuzhan Vong empire as a number of their kind began to believe in the Jeedai heresy. After the war's end, the remaining members of this caste left with their kin to the living planet of Zonama Sekot.Supreme Overlord (as Head of State)Mosthigh priestHigh PriestPriestSeerSavant
A prophet was a religious individual who claimed to see visions of the future and told adherents of the religion of his or her visions. The Voss Mystics were Force-using holy men that led Voss society, and were considered Prophets by many. The Prophets of the Dark Side were, likewise, a group of Dark Siders who used the Dark Side to predict and foresee the future, and briefly served the Emperor. When the Yuuzhan Vong Nom Anor was exiled from the intendant caste for propagating the Jeedai heresy, he became a prophet and took the name Yu'shaa.
A ritualist was a member of an Ewok group on the Endor who performed certain arcane duties. The Gondula and Panshee tribes employed individuals of this vocation, as did nomadic Ewok tribes known as Jindas.Star Wars Galaxies: The Complete Guide: Prima Official Game Guide, p. 301.
A shafar was one of the minor priests in the Ni'Shaw-Dak religion, being under the Al'ma'den. 1,728 shafars were scattered through all the planet.
A shaman, also known as a medicine man, was a member of certain traditional societies who acted as a medium between the physical world and an invisible spirit world and who practiced "magic." Among the Ewoks of Endor, the rituals performed by the shamans like Logray were meant to ensure their tribes remained in harmony with the forest spirits. The Nightsisters of Dathomir also had their shamans.
In the Dathomiri witches' culture, the Nightsister shaman was an elder Nightsister who was thought to have access to, and influence in, the world of the spirits. They worshipped the nature's balance and interpreted the nature of the dark side of the Force from a specific religious and cultural point of view. The shaministic beliefs on Dathomir predated the coming of the exiled Jedi Allya around 600 BBY. Indeed, both male and female shamans and seers from this obscure planet were known to be amongst the founders of the Je'daii Order circa 36,453 BBY. These shamans were identified by a green inverted triangle marked on their forehead. The early Dathomiri seers were already skilled in animal friendship, as they had successfully domesticated mount rancors millennia before the coming of Allya. Their practices survived and probably merged with Allya's Jedi teachings, which gave birth to the Dathomiri Witches' unique culture. After the coming of Allya, the culture of Dathomir became a female-dominant society of Force-wielding females only, which explains the disappearance of male shamans. After the death of the self-appointed Queen Zalem in 31 BBY, Mother Talzin, a powerful shaman, rose to power and united the fighting Nightsister covens. She remained Dathomir's head shaman until the Clone Wars.Shamans were usually "called" or designated by signs in their early life. Talzin described how she took the mantle after being saved by the spirits during childbirth. Struck with a fatal affliction while she was birthing her first daughter, Talzin professed she "saw the matching landscapes of the two realms." As she had passed their challenge, the spirits restored her health, and Talzin willingly became their conduit. From this moment on, the spirits would "pull upon the folds of her robe" as she walked and "echo beneath her voice" when she spoke—which explains her eerie voice and slithering moves.The shaman acted as a medium between the concrete and the spirit worlds, mostly through dreams or visions. The voices of the spirits echoed whenever the shaman spoke, and challenging a shaman's authority was challenging the spirits of life themselves. They would also use their magick in hopes of unfogging the future, with the help of mysterious artifacts such as crystal balls. The shaman was also expert at manipulating spirit ichor, a glowing green smoke channeled from the Winged Goddess that was used to heal or even conjure solid items. Apart from her ability to communicate with the other realm, the Nightsister shaman was also the craftswoman and keeper of the artifacts. Apparently, all Nightsister talismans and other Force-imbued items belonged to the community and were placed under the authority of the shaman. Indeed, the witches had to borrow the artifacts and return them afterwards. When Charal turned her back on her sisters and left Dathomir, she secretly stole the Talisman of the Raven. Many years later, in her manifesto Wild Power, clan shaman Talzin complained about "one of the sisters" never returning the talisman. Some of the most precious artifacts, like the Talisman of Resurrection, were guarded jealously by the shamans, and other sisters were rarely allowed to borrow them.
Prior to his physical death, Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn learned the means to retaining an eternal consciousness, learning much from a Shaman of the Whills. This Shaman of the Whills taught Jinn that the path to retaining ones' consciousness after death required absolute selflessness. Jinn later imparted these teachings onto Yoda, who—like Jinn—also learned much about eternal consciousness from five Force Priestesses; and Obi-Wan Kenobi.
A Shaman of the Whills was a holy member of the Ancient Order of the Whills, having knowledge of the Force.One such shaman discovered a method to defy death by retaining one's consciousness in the Force upon death, and shared this secret with Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn. Jinn then passed the knowledge on to Yoda which he passed on to Obi-Wan Kenobi, who would later use this knowledge to vanish while battling Darth Vader. It was said to be accomplished only through compassion and love, thus the Sith would never be capable of it. However, other ways for eternal life had been discovered, and the most known example is the Sith Lord Darth Plagueis who had discovered how to influence midi-chlorians to create life and live eternally.
A shaman, also known as a medicine man, was a member of a primitive society, usually an elder, who was thought to have mystical powers or be able to communicate with spirits or deities. Shamans had various roles depending on the species and the level of sapience. They existed in the societies of the Duloks, Ewoks, Felucians, Gutretees, Jawas, Kaleesh, Nelvaanians, Sand people, Tintinna, Nightsisters and Wookiees. There was also a Shaman of the Whills, although the exact nature of this shaman is unknown. Often, the shaman was actually a Force Adept. They used their connection with the Force to heal or provide insight to the future. They were considered wise and often served as mediators in conflicts. Usually pacifistic, some shamans were well trained in the martial arts and engaged in battles with the warriors from their tribe.Threats of the Galaxy Apart from her ability to communicate with the other realm, the Nightsister shaman was also the keeper of the artifacts. Apparently, all Nightsister talismans and other Force-imbued items belonged to the community and were placed under the authority of the shaman. Indeed, the witches had to borrow the artifacts and return them afterwards. When Charal turned her back on her sisters and left Dathomir, she secretly stole the Talisman of the Raven. Many years later, in her manifesto Wild Power, clan shaman Talzin complained about "one of the sisters" never returning the talisman.Logray – EwokKeoulkeech – EwokRakra – EwokNanta – EwokZarrak – EwokShongomaUmwak – DulokOrvos – NelvaanianAved Luun – JawaHerat – JawaDresk Kist – SlithEeytch – MenahuunGrenal – WhiphidSsiskorChrech EsthaOkko – YsannaRurShaman of the Whills – WhillTalzin – DathomirianTseeach – FyodoiPlanets of the Galaxy, Volume TwoYustavan – Gutretee
A spiritmaster was a member of a Dulok group on the Forest Moon of Endor who performed certain arcane duties. The Donkuwah,Star Wars Galaxies: The Complete Guide: Prima Official Game Guide, p. 303. Korga,Star Wars Galaxies: The Complete Guide: Prima Official Game Guide, p. 311. and Pubam Duloks employed individuals of this vocation.Star Wars Galaxies: The Complete Guide: Prima Official Game Guide, p. 320.
The Third Prophet was the highest rank in the Ni'Shaw-Dak Ministry. The Third Prophet took all of the important decisions, aided by twelve Al'ma'dens or papal priests. The name of the rank comes from the Jydan Writings tradition: Each god was to communicate his or her teachings throughout the mouths of three prophets. For years, Ni'Shaw only had two prophets, and this led to him being forgotten. The founder of Ni'Shaw-Dak discovered the first two prophet's writings on Ni'Shaw and considered it a sign of him to become the third prophet, or Third Prophet. As of 2 ABY, Kaltor Naklian, founder of Ni'Shaw-Dak, retained the rank of Third Prophet while also working as a scalphunter.
Antiques dealers were individuals who sold antiques for a living. The human male Antron Bach worked as an antiques dealer before being asked to guard a horde of Jedi treasures by the Jedi Order following Order 66. The Ithorian collector Dok-Ondar was a antiques dealer who ran a Den of Antiquities in Black Spire Outpost on the planet Batuu.
An antiques dealer was a merchant who specialized in the buying and selling of antiques. Grathal was an antiques dealer operational on Hargeeva during the Galactic Civil War.
An art dealer bought and sold pieces of artwork. Tal Anavere was an art dealer.
A clerk was a profession. Clerks were responsible for general office or sale-related tasks.
Come-up flector was a term, possibly originating on Caprioril, for a person who worked starports or other points of debarkation, searching for potential buyers of products or services the buyer did not really need. Mara Jade posed as such a person under the alias 'Merellis'.Windham, Ryder. (2007). Star Wars: Jedi vs. Sith: The Essential Guide to the Force. (pp 146). Del Rey Books. Fleck, a Human male, was the chief come-up flector working for the Krish Gamgalon on Varonat.
A drug dealer was any person of any species who sold or trafficked drugs.Lando Calrissian posed as Bohhuah Mutdah's drug dealer in 3 BBY as part of a law enforcement operation. By 3.5 ABY, Wendell Wright-Sims, a Coruscanti socialite, was Imperial Center's most prominent spice dealer. Around 12 ABY, Fargednim P'taan was a mid-level drug dealer on Yetoom Na Uun.
A florist was an individual who sold flowers for a living. ConJob, a Human male, ran a flower stall on the Tanquilla Beach shadowport.
Free-traders were independent, small-time merchants who often owned just one or two starships. Many free-traders, like Platt Okeefe, were also smugglers.
A haberdasher was a dealer in men's clothing. In 8 ABY, Han Solo sought the services of a haberdasher to quickly provide him with civilian formal attire for a state dinner.
Harbomaster was an occupation at the Crystal Reef resort. In 24 ABY, the role was filled by a Yarin.
A junk boss, or junkboss was a type of boss who gave scavengers ration packs in exchange for scrap. The Crolute Unkar Plutt was the junk boss of Niima Outpost on the desert planet Jakku.
Junk dealers, also referred to as junk traders or scrap merchants, were merchants who bought and sold used pieces of technology and equipment. Anakin Skywalker was once a slave owned by Watto, a Toydarian junk dealer from Tatooine. The Crolute Unkar Plutt was a junk dealer who operated in Niima Outpost on the planet Jakku. Due to his monopoly on the market, he had earned the title of junk boss. According to Kylo Ren, Rey was the daughter of junk traders who sold her to Plutt.
Junk dealers played a significant role in the galactic trade market. They were a common sight in most towns and cities and would buy and sell old pieces of technology and equipment. Anakin Skywalker was once owned by Watto, owner of Watto's Shop, a junk dealer from Tatooine. Zabrak junk dealer Anniya had set up shop on Tansarii Point Station.
Merchants, also called traders, were individuals who bought and sold various items. Those who sold used pieces of technology were referred to as junk dealers.
Merchants, also called traders, were people who sold and bought various products. Although some merchants did business legally, many did business illegally. Traders could also be adept at constructing a number of goods, including weapons, furniture, and droids. Traders who took part in constructing goods would occasionally specialize in a specific field, such as munitions, structures, domestic goods, or engineering.
A scalp hunter was an occupation held by history teacher Kaltor Naklian after he resigned from his post at University of Timb. Initially Naklian hunted non-sentient creatures to sell their scalps. Noticing his efficiency, he decided to hunt sentient beings too. The goal was selling the scalps; there was a market for Wookiee scalps among Boba Fett-wannabees. Naklian combined this occupation with his job as Third Prophet of Ni'Shaw-Dak religion. However, the incomes of scalp hunting were destined to the Zulirian Swordmasters while the incomes for being Third Prophet were destined to the Religion.
A talismerchant was a merchant who sold items during the Aki-Aki Festival of the Ancestors on the planet Pasaana. The food vendor Tanruka Namhi was one of many talismerchants.
Korin Aphra was a human male who lived during the Age of the Empire. He was the father of Chelli Lona Aphra, his daughter born in 24 BBY with his wife Lona Aphra. During the Clone Wars, Chelli and her mother moved away to Arbiflux, where her mother was killed. He was a dedicated scholar.Early life Korin was intensely interested in the Jedi, especially the Ordu Aspectu. He studied at his home in the University Quarter on the Second Moon of Thrinittik, where he lived with his daughter Chelli Aphra and her mother Lona Aphra. He wrote a report on Oo'ob and the creation of the Farkiller weapon. However, his obsession with researching the Jedi caused him to neglect Chelli and Lona. One night, Korin examined some stolen memory crystals he had obtained thanks to bribable librarians. They contained "The crimes of the Jedi renegade Oo'ob the Apostate." Behind him, young Chelli, whom he was supposed to be watching, cut herself. Lona got frustrated that Korin was too embraced in his research, be he argued that he could find the Citadel of Garn and bring light to the galaxy. Lona tried to remind him of the firing squad they could face if his research was discovered, but he failed to pay attention. Subsequently, Lona decided to leave with Chelli. Korin did not realize at first, and assumed that they were going shopping when they failed to come for dinner. Lona took Chelli to Arbiflux, where she continued to raise her. When raiders attacked their house, Lona was killed, but not before she contacted the Galactic Empire, telling them everything she could. The Empire rescued Chelli and sent her back to Korin. When Chelli returned to Korin's house on the Second Moon of Thrinittik, she began setting fire to his research material. Korin returned, shocked at what he saw, and Chelli told him how Lona had been killed and warned him that an Imperial psychologist had determined that she might have some mental issues.While Chelli eventually became a doctor in the Archaeological Association, Korin learned from the Sava of her university that she may have placed abersyn symbiotes on Boothi XII so she could pretend to discover them. He leaked enough of this information to the board of the Archaeological Association they would explore the possibility of Chelli faking the discovery. Thus her doctorate was suspended. When Chelli discovered this, while trying to sell a recovered artifact on Archaeo-Prime, Korin confronted her. He explained he made sure her doctorate was taken away so she would assist him in finding the Citadel of Rur. Chelli led him back to her ship, the Ark Angel II, where she drew a blaster on him. Korin was confident that she would not hurt him, so she allowed her assassin droid Triple-Zero to reveal his array of torture devices. Before he could be hurt, she changed her mind and asked him why she should help him. He explained he had new data and told his theory of what the Ordu Aspectu was when Triple-Zero asked of what they were. He believed that their quest for immortality had worked and if he was able to find the Citadel it would lead to an awakening of the Force in the galaxy. Chelli speculated that Korin could be wrong and the Ordu Aspectu prophecy might just be a mistranslation. Korin, however, convinced her to join him, explaining if the Ordu Aspectu wasn't a positive thing it was possible that there might be an ancient weapon in the Citadel that she could profit from.Korin guided Chelli to the place where he could get the readings he needed, but refused to give her any more information due to his lack of trust in her. He didn't realize that the location, Yavin 4, was under Imperial control due to Rebel activity on the moon. The group landed on Yavin 4 and observed several platoons of Imperial forces. While Chelli tried to figure out how to get into the temple, her father asked about current affairs. She explained the Battle of Yavin and the destruction of the Death Star. Korin confessed that he thought it was all rumors and fictional stories. Chelli became irate that he was so out of touch, having not known about the destruction of Alderaan, or that she had worked for Darth Vader. Chelli sent Black Krrsantan to create a distraction to draw the troops away from the Massassi Temple so Korin could get in to get his readings. He expressed concern about the Wookiee, but Chelli assured him he would be fine. Once Triple-Zero and his fellow droid accomplice, BT-1, entered the temple and opened the ventilation hatches, Korin and Chelli snuck in. While climbing down a rope, Korin dropped a Massassi piece that he was carrying. After Chelli caught the piece, he explained he had been planning on finding the Ordu Aspectu for a long time. While making their way to the part of the Temple where Korin could get the data he needed, he expressed concern that the Rebels would locate their headquarters in a site of historical importance. When they reached a room just below the summit, he instructed Chelli to place the crystals into the matching slots so he could get the location of the Citadel. After inserting all the crystals, Korin was disappointed when nothing appeared to happen, and Chelli started to berate him for wasting his life on a wild goose chase and not caring about her enough. BT-1 drew their attention to the sky outside where beams of light were emanating from all the structures in the complex. Korin proceeded to get the readings he needed to locate the Citadel, and left with the rest of the crew. Before they could exit the building, they ran into a group of stormtroopers and had to flee, preventing Korin from picking up the crystal artifacts he had used to activate the beacon. Aphra ordered BT-1 to slow the troopers down, and the droid launched grenades at the incoming squad. As the group ran outside, they were confronted by an AT-AT walker. Behind them, stormtroopers, led by Captain Magna Tolvan arrived and Tolvan questioned their presence on the moon. As Aphra tried to defuse the situation, the Ark Angel, piloted by Black Krrsantan arrived, and Korin boarded it, pulling Chelli aboard with him. As group fled under Imperial fire, Korin suggested to his daughter that if she had stayed away from fieldwork, she'd probably be tenured at a university. Once he and Chelli were in space, Korin provided the coordinates to find the Citadel. When they arrived at the point in space, he was awed by the appearance of the Citadel. The ship landed and Korin walked to the entrance of the facilty, finding the ancient skeletons of Jedi. Korin began examining the remains. Knowing that Jedi were typically cremated, he predicted that these had died in pain, unless the Ordu Aspectu had a different tradition. While he was examining the remains, Chelli started to loot them. He was shocked, but she explained that she had debts to pay. The group made their way deeper into the facility, and Korin was able to turn on the generator using most of his remaining Ordu crystals. While Triple-Zero and BT-1 went to collect the crystal modulator from the Ark Angel, Korin and the rest of the group traveled towards the core in search for the computer core. Chelli expressed her concern over the opening below directly leading to space, and Korin claimed the Ordu wanted to show their followers to understand their smallness compared to the "majesty of space." Before they could find the computer core, though, Krrsantan pushed Korin and Chelli into cover as snowtroopers, led by Captain Tolvan, arrived. Krrsantan then covered Chelli and Korin as they ran into the core. Crossing a force bridge, they took cover behind an elevator that led to the core and Triple-Zero informed them over the comms that Krrsantan had returned to the Ark Angle and was leaving them. Chelli shot at the controls for the force bridge, allowing several approaching troopers to fall into the void of space. She and Korin then ascended to the computer core where they found the corpse of Rur. Korin attempted to reboot the Citadel's computer, but was missing a crystal which prevented it from operating. Disappointed, he explained that his interest in the Ordu was an attempt to bring light back into the galaxy. He recognized that he wasn't a warrior but hoped that by restoring the Ordu he could make the galaxy a safe place for Chelli to grow up. Korin told his daughter that her mother wanted to find a place in the middle of nowhere and live their lives, and disagreed with Korin's plan to find and restore the Ordu. Korin realized that while both he and Lona had been trying to do the best for Chelli, they had ended up being terrible parents in the process. He then explained how he had learned of Chelli's deception in completing her doctorate and started to explain how she could get her credentials back. She stopped him and gave him a crystal she had found on the corpse of Rur. Chelli told him that restarting the computer would give him access to the Ordu Aspectu's data, but it might be dangerous. Korin inserted the crystal and restarted the computer, which caused Eternal Rur, a copy of Rur's conscience, to reactivate.Eternal Rur began asking what date it was, and Chelli tabled a deal where he would explain what had happened to the Ordu Aspectu. Eternal Rur then threatened to torture her and Korin, but she reminded him that it was a slow process. Thus Eternal Rur began his story, detailing how Rur had wished to copy his intellect, but instead transferred his conscience to a Kyber crystal. He further explained that he believed a false conscience was inside Rur's body, and decided to kill him and the rest of the Ordu Aspectu, although Rur had removed one of the crystals from the control core, deactivating him. Once Eternal Rur gave a calendar he was familiar with, the Domancion Accord, Korin was able to figure out that he had been deactivated for a thousand years. Enraged, Eternal Rur had one of his droid attack Korin, injuring his leg. He and Chelli retreated down the elevator from the computer core, although they were still trapped due to not having any crystals to activate the Force bridge. Korin suggest Chelli return to the computer core and destroy the console and take the crystal from there. He warned her that it would likely destroy the station and expressed sadness that it would likely eliminate the last vestiges of the Ordu. After Chelli wrecked the console and took the Rur Crystal, which contained Eternal Rur, she moved her dad found Tolvan and her troopers being overran by the droids being controlled by Eternal Rur. Aphra used a crystal to reactivate the force bridge and then deactivate it when Tolvan crossed, separating the Captain from the droids. Tolvan signaled for her ship to fly over and she, Korin and Chelli boarded it. Tolvan called to her pilots to take off before finding them dead. As Chelli and Tolvan scrambled to launch the ship themselves, an RA-7 protocol droid, possessed by Eternal Rur, attacked Tolvan. Aphra took control of the ship and flew it away from the citadel as it exploded. The protocol droid was released from control of Eternal Rur and Tolvan drew her blaster on Chelli. Korin then stabbed Tolvan with a lightsaber, incapacitating her. Korin and Chelli subsequently dropped Tolvan off on a remote planet. He commented that Chelli had bad taste in women. They then went to find somewhere to securely store the Rur crystal and delivered it to Quarantine World III, although, to Korin's ignorance, Chelli had actually handed over a fake and kept the real crystal to sell. On their way to get rid of the stolen Imperial shuttle, he talked to Chelli about not looking to the past for deliverance and agreed to sort out her doctorate suspension. Korin continued chasing religious history. When he attempted to enter Asteroid Helix 13-v, to investigate what he thought may have been a Force cult, he was stopped by members of the Rebel Alliance, who gave him rations and told him to leave. Korin refused, so they pointed their blasters to make him leave. Korin also got to watch the prayer-oolites form aurorae above Piu when the Annual Giganism hit the troposphere. At least two years after his adventure to the Citadel of Rur, Korin was on Ash Moon 1 in the Kartovian Formation, where pilgrims of the Central Isopter were staying. However, Imperial forces, led by Darth Vader and General Maximilian Veers, arrived aboard the Executor-class Star Dreadnought Executor in search of rebels. When they found none, they began to use the pilgrims as target practice. Korin attempted to run, making spontaneous claims like knowing Jedi Mind Tricks. He was quickly stopped by Veers, and his stormtroopers discovered the rebel issue ration packs he had been given. Veers had Korin taken onto the Executor to be interrogated. After Vader was informed of the capture, he entered the interrogation cell, bringing Chelli, who had been working on the Executor as an archaeologist, with him. Vader Force choked Korin, who was still masked, asking him where the Rebel Alliance's secret base was located and threatening a slow death if he did not answer. Korin answered with a Jedi apothegm, which Chelli recognized and Vader ordered for interrogation specialists. As Chelli questioned Korin's knowledge, Vader removed his helmet, revealing his identity to his daughter. After Vader released Korin, Chelli tried to convince him that her father was harmless. Korin questioned Chelli's presence on the Executor, but they were interrupted as the interrogation droids arrived. They were none other than Triple-Zero and BT-1, who had been captured and enslaved for Vader's use. Vader ordered the pair of droids to find out what Korin knew about the rebels and not let Chelli intervene. Chelli prompted Korin to tell them "everything" and Korin began telling stories of a religious prophet, not realizing it was about the rebels. Chelli expressed her frustration that Korin was still chasing "religious nonsense," saying that she needed him. Korin told her that people did not change and stated that he did not blame Lona was taking her away. Triple-Zero intervened to begin interrogating Korin and Chelli pleaded for him to tell the droid he knew about the rebels. Realizing that it was about the rebels, who he disliked, Korin complied, recounting his encounter on Asteroid Helix 13-v. Chelli and Veers reported back to Vader, and the Dark Lord of the Sith brought her, Korin and BT-1 with him to investigate Asteroid Helix 13-v. After they arrived, Vader left BT-1 to watch Chelli and Korin and Chelli tried to explain to Korin how she came to start working for Vader. Korin, though, was distracted with by what was around them. He believed they were in a traditional archicella for the J'doon school, where pilgrims would come to petition the Force for peace and prosperity. When he complemented the Empire's technology, Chelli remarked that he sounded like Professor Rupo Ud, one of Vader's archaeologists—until his untimely death to a trap on Ash Moon 1. Korin, whom had met Ud, asked how he was, and Aphra joked that he was let his work get on top of him. Korin suspected that it meant Ud had been crushed by something heavy, but Aphra changed the subject, pointing out where the rebels had camped out. Examining the materials around, she deduced that the rebels were heading somewhere cold. Korin commended her archaeology and Aphra told BT-1 to inform Vader that the rebels had only been on a stopover. BT-1, though, made Aphra do it herself. After Aphra found Vader, he began to leave the site, ordering one of the stormtroopers at his shuttle to shut the place down as well as telling BT-1 to signal bombers to destroy it. Korin protested this decision, but Vader slammed him to the ground with the Force and informed BT-1 that he only needed one Aphra, giving them the journey to decide which one died. Aboard the shuttle, Korin began saying his regrets and Aphra asked how they were going to choose which of them died. Wishing to stay positive, Korin told Chelli about the prayer-oolites and asked what she had been up to. Chelli summarized the many adventures she had endured since last seeing Korin. While Chelli put herself down for the backstabbing and running away she had done, Korin reassured her that she had seen and learned so much, and had "never stopped feeling." After telling Chelli he was proud of her, Korin decided that he was the one for BT-1 to kill. BT-1 prepared to shoot when the shuttle began shaking. An Imperial officer stated that they were being pulled in by a tractor beam and the stormtroopers prepared for boarders. As a hull drill cut away the main door, Korin, who suspected a pirate attack, wondered where Aphra was going, but soon noticed a second hull drill above him and the troopers. An ion charge was dropped in and incapacitated Korin and the imperials. While Korin was unconscious, the attackers, Extraction Team Misericorde from the Rebel Alliance, took him and the stormtroopers out of the shuttle aboard their ship, the Unnamed. Their leader, Magna Tolvan, recognized Korin and knew Chelli will have been with him. Chelli, who was still conscious, was able to send him off the rebel ship aboard the shuttle by programming it to blow out of the vessel and escape to Ash Moon 1—although she herself fled in an escape pod from the rebel ship with BT-1.When Korin awoke, the shuttle had arrived at Ash Moon 1 and the girl Vulaada Klam rushed to the ramp looking for "Aphra." Not realizing it was Chelli she wanted, Korin replied to her call, but realized she had been running from a giant beast. Korin told Klam to get behind him. Before the beast could attack Korin and Klam, it was blasted by a U-wing. After it landed, Tolvan went to greet the pair and took them with her. By 3 ABY, the three were based at the Rebel Alliance's secret base on the planet Hoth. While Tolvan continued her rebel duties and Klam hearded Tauntauns, Korin spent his time researching the Alliance, intending to write his own history. He was able to out several guiding principles as near-quotations of Jedi apocrypha and also learned of a Force-sensitive pilot in the Alliance. One day, Tolvan approached Korin with news that Chelli had sent a message for the two of them and Klam. Korin was surprised at this, having assumed that Chelli was dead. Thus the three gathered to hear it. In the message Chelli explained that she was sorry for leaving them but felt it was necessary as she was a trail of destruction and it had not brought her any happiness. She further told the Korin and the other two to not be sad for her and assured them that it was the only way for everything to end between Chelli and Korin, Tolvan and Klam. After her message ended, the three walked away upset and sat outside. When Tolvan asked if Chelli had made a difference, Korin stated that she had made no difference to the galaxy. He then rambled on about how he thought rebellions were just future tyrannies until Tolvan corrected him, saying whether she made a difference to them. Almost immediately after, Luke Skywalker approached them, saying that he himself had met Chelli before. He then explained that the Empire's computers had been sabotaged to stall their search for the rebel base by someone matching Chelli's description. After Skywalker left them, Tolvan asked if she should mention that Chelli had saved the the Emperor's life and Korin told her it was best not to. Korin then questioned if his daughter was out in the galaxy, settling down on some planet, though Klam suggested Chelli would only settle down to make trouble. In response, Tolvan told the two of them she thought Chelli Aphra was doing something in between both extremes. Korin Aphra was obsessed with his work on ancient religions such as the Jedi. His distraction in investigating the Ordu Aspectu led to Lona Aphra becoming frustrated with him and leaving him with their child, Chelli Aphra. Chelli later argued that he cared more about the dead than he did of the living and, although he had promised to change, he still continued to chase more "religious nonsense" after parting with Aphra again. During his time of Hoth, Korin had a beard. Korin was a human male with light skin and brown eyes. He formally had black hair but later had none. Korin was a scholar and was skilled in archaeology. At the Citadel of Rur, he was able to identify that the ancient Jedi had died in pain. At Asteroid Helix 13-v, he was able to identify an archicella of the J-doon school.
Kian Derar was a female scholar. At some point during the Imperial Era, she discovered a legend carved into the wall of a Jedi temple that claimed that by bringing together a Sith holocron and Jedi holocron, a vergence in the Force would be created that would provide the answers to any question. Derar hoped to use the vergence to get around Imperial information.
Professor Jonas Durns was a scholar and researcher who had specialized in the mythical Dread Buccaneer Hez Kragg. Durns was bent on finding evidence for Kragg's actual existence. Durns had been able to find sites that may have been used by Kragg and his band. He participated in an expedition that finally allowed him to find evidence of the buccaneer's existence in the form of his ship Kragg's Fury and a holorecording of Kragg himself, as well as the actual remains of the pirate. Durns was knowledgeable about ancient languages, the study of species, astrogation, and computer programming. Durns was the father of Keya Durns, who would join him on expeditions.
This male individual was the father of Izal Garsea. When she was five years old Garsea climbed a rock on Batuu with Jules, and the dress she wore at the time got covered in sweat and dirt. This led Garsea to note her father would be angry with her, as he had sewn extra panels into the dress only the day before as she'd had a growth spurt practically overnight.
Veris Hydan was a human male who served as an adviser to Emperor Palpatine with the title of minister. Although he was not sensitive to the Force, Hydan was a scholar of Jedi and Sith lore and history. Upon the discovery of a Jedi Temple on Lothal, the minister was charged with overseeing its excavation and unlocking its mysteries, specifically on discovering an entrance into the World Between Worlds. During the excavation, Hydan encountered the disguised rebel infiltrators Sabine Wren and Ezra Bridger. Though Ezra managed to escape into a portal which led to the World Between Worlds, Hydan's forces managed to detain Sabine. He attempted to use Sabine's knowledge of art to decipher the mural of the Mortis gods, the gateway to the World Between Worlds. However, Sabine managed to escape due to the help of her rebel comrades. After Ezra and Sabine closed the portal, Hydan fell into a chasm to his death, when the Lothal Jedi Temple sunk into the ground.Excavating the TempleVeris Hydan was an Imperial Minister from the planet Ossus who served as an adviser to Emperor Palpatine. He was a scholar of Jedi and Sith history and lore. Following the discovery of the Lothal Jedi Temple in 0 BBY, Hydan was placed in charge of leading the excavation of the Temple and deciphering its mysteries. The excavation site employed many Mining Guild personnel and was heavily guarded by Imperial stormtroopers, scout troopers, and death troopers. Minister Hydan and the Emperor were interested in accessing the "Gateway," which led to a realm known as the World Between Worlds. To avoid erasing any evidence critical to understanding the "Gateway," Minister Hydan issued orders that no personnel were allowed to touch any objects excavated from the temple. The Imperial excavation project attracted the attention of the Spectres rebel cell including the Jedi Ezra Bridger, the Padawan of the late Jedi Knight Kanan Jarrus. Disguised as scout troopers, Ezra and Sabine infiltrated the excavation site. Unaware they were rebels, Minister Hydan stumbled upon the two examining art and chastised them for tampering with the objects. After learning that the Emperor wanted to contact him, Minister Hydan departed and left the death trooper commander to deal with the two scout troopers. Inside the Mobile command center, Minister Hydan informed the Emperor that the excavation had reached the roots of the temple and uncovered a painting of the Mortis gods, which was reminiscent of art and iconography found at the former Jedi Temple on Coruscant. Hydan believed that the painting was the key to unlocking the "Gateway." The Emperor told Hydan that he sensed a great disturbance in the Force and opined that the death of Kanan had altered the fate of Lothal. Vowing to control the conduit between the living and the dead, the Emperor ordered Hydan to hasten his efforts.Unknown to Hydan, his conversation was being tapped by the Spectres, whose droid Chopper had rerouted the Imperial transmission. Acting on this information, Ezra and Sabine began to unlock the painting of the Mortis gods, which was the "Gateway". Though Sabine was taken away for questioning by a group of stormtroopers, Ezra managed to unlock the "Gateway" by touching the Daughter's hand. Meanwhile, the stormtroopers brought Sabine into Hydan's office for questioning. After identifying Sabine as a rebel spy, Minister Hydan ordered that the camp be locked down because an intruder was on the loose. Minister Hydan, several troopers, and the captive Sabine arrived at the "Gateway" but were unable to stop Ezra from entering the portal. A stormtrooper tried to follow but the portal sealed. In response, Hydan had Sabine brought into his mobile command center for questioning. Recognizing Sabine as the talented Mandalorian rebel artist, Hydan attempted to flatter her. When Hydan asked Sabine how she and Ezra had entered the portal, the Mandalorian refused to cooperate. Hydan then mocked Ezra's master Kanan, prompting Sabine to tell him that he was a pawn of the Emperor. Hydan countered that his power was a reflection of the Emperor's might. When Sabine mocked the Emperor for failing to unlock the "Gateway", Hydan claimed that Ezra was not safe inside the World Between Worlds and that the Emperor would eventually find him. Hydan then told Sabine that the "Gateway" was a pathway to time and that whoever controlled it controlled the universe. Continuing his interrogation, Hydan told Sabine about the "Mortis gods", a family of three powerful beings known as the Father, Daughter, and the Son. When Hydan asked about the differences in their depiction on the Temple and Lothal mural, Sabine feigned ignorance. Hydan then warned her not to mistake his "pleasant demeanor" for weakness and observed that the positions of the Loth wolves, Daughter's head, and Father's hand had changed since Ezra's arrival. When Sabine defiantly taunted him, Hydan ordered one of the death troopers to strike her across the head with his rifle butt.After reasserting his authority, Hydan and Sabine then discussed the painting of the Mortis gods. They concluded that the Daughter opened the portal while the Son closed it. Before they could continue further, Hera activated one of the thrusters beneath the mobile command center, causing the structure to rise and fall on its back. Sabine managed to escape with her fellow Spectres and headed towards the painting. They were joined by Ezra, who had escaped the Emperor's clutches and encountered Ahsoka inside the World Between Worlds. Ezra convinced his fellow Spectres including Sabine to help him seal the portal. Hydan arrived with several Imperial troops but the rebels managed to escape on a Mining Guild excavation driller. The sealing of the portal caused the Lothal Jedi Temple to collapse on itself. As the temple sunk into the ground in a blinding flash, Hydan lamented that the knowledge contained in the Temple would be lost. He then fell into a chasm, killing him.Veris Hydan was a human man with light skin and blue eyes. He wore a dark headgear and robes. Hydan was a scholar of Jedi and Sith history and lore. Due to his expertise in those topics, he was made in charge of the excavation of the Lothal Jedi Temple. Unlike his Sith master, he was not Force-sensitive. Hydan considered himself an art critic and used these skills to investigate the painting of the Mortis gods, which he discerned was a portal to the World Between Worlds. Hydan managed the excavation of the Lothal Jedi Temple with an iron grip and issued strict orders that no personnel were allowed to touch any of the artifacts, to avoid erasing evidence. Hydan was an astute man who quickly discerned that Sabine Wren was a rebel infiltrator. He was also a philosophical man who preferred to use words and flattery rather than force when questioning Sabine. However, Hydan was still prepared to use force against a defiant Sabine and ordered a death trooper to strike her with his rifle butt. Hydan recognized that whoever controlled the World Between Worlds also controlled time and the fate of the universe. Hydan was a loyal servant of the Emperor and considered his own power to be a reflection of the Emperor's might. Hydan was distraught when the Spectres denied the Emperor access to the World Between Worlds and believed that the Emperor's fate was lost.
Aanxi Raanxi Laanxi was a male author, scholar, and inventor from Yde. He chaired four subcommittees on creative procrastinating at the University of Desultori, was the creator of the Vacuum Goggle, and the writer of over 250 treatises. Although Laanxi was a reclusive individual, he had taken part in at least one seminar with other eminent figures from across the galaxy.Aanxi Raanxi Laanxi was a male member of a quadruped species with strong forelimbs and thin hind legs from Desultori, a location on the Mid Rim astronomical object Yde. He was a noted author who wrote more than 250 treatises on the topic of appearances and disappearances in arrivals and departures. A reputed scholar, Laanxi chaired four subcommittees on creative procrastinating at the University of Desultori. Laanxi was also credited for having invented the Vacuum Goggle. He had, throughout his career, received many grants and awards. Laanxi participated in at least one seminar with other eminent figures such as the Regalia Sub-space station-12 director mOKDAR 15, Manifold Mollusk Matrix and Matrimony Association director Skreen, horticultural educator Kaat Thrick-Thrick, and Galloway Island resident 26-424, who was only present for the feedings.Laanxi was a withdrawn individual who displayed unsocial behavior, rarely being seen in public. He commonly communicated by means of a bubble machine and blank stares. One of the few occasions he was spotted at a social event was at one of the editions of the seminar he took part with other distinguished participants.
Korin Pers was a female Ugnaught scholar who held the position of sava at the University of Bar'leth in the Core Worlds during the reign of the Galactic Republic. As an expert on various types of antiquities, she wrote works published throughout the Republic, although she eventually left the university. At some stage she worked with the smuggler Lando Calrissian and lost her left eye in the process, forcing her to get a cybernetic replacement and causing her to greatly dislike Calrissian despite the smuggler promising he would someday make up for the Ugnaught's injury if he could. Despite her animosity towards Calrissian, she agreed to help him steal an Imperial pleasure craft potentially full of antiques for the crime lord Papa Toren. However, this heist attracted the attention of Emperor Palpatine, who was unwilling to let his yacht fall into the wrong hands. During the adventure, Korin and her companions discovered that the Imperialis housed Sith artifacts that were capable of corrupting sentient beings. After being corrupted by a Sith helmet belonging to Sith Lord Darth Momin, Korin decided to turn on Calrissian but was murdered by the corrupted alien warrior Aleksin, a renegade member of Lando's crew.Early LifeDuring the reign of the Galactic Republic, Korin Pers served as a sava of the University of Bar'leth in the Core Worlds as an expert on many types of antiquities and ancient cultures including the Jedi. She wrote works published throughout the Republic. In her long studies, she found only scraps related to the Sith. Particularly, she came across stories involving the Sith and their relation to corruption, which she admits were actively suppressed by the Jedi and possibly anti-Sith propaganda.Sometime after the Great Jedi Purge and the Galactic Empire's rise to power, Pers lost her position and fell into disgrace when the Jedi and their history was no longer a permissible study. She then found work with smugglers and other criminals. Later, before the theft of the Imperialis, Pers took a job with Lando Calrissian that resulted in the loss of her left eye, which was substituted with a cybernetic replacement. Although Calrissian promises to repay the Ugnaught, Pers still greatly disliked Calrissian.When Calrissian and his companion Lobot received a job from crime lord Papa Toren to steal the Imperialis, Calrissian enlisted the aid of Pers in order to identify antiquities on board. Despite pointing a blaster at Calrissian and claiming that almost nothing could make her want to work with Calrissian, Pers decided to join Calrissian once seeing the datapad with information about the job. Calrissian revealed that the job was stealing an Imperial pleasure craft full of potential rare and priceless antiquities. While Toren would receive the ship, the group could keep anything inside the starship. She then assisted Calrissian, Lobot, Aleksin, and Pavol in stealing the Imperialis. The group used stealth suits provided by Toren to successfully infiltrate Sienar Fleet Systems Orbital Shipyard CC-24, where the ship was being refitted, and steal it. In the Castell system near Orbital Shipyard CC-24, the Imperialis was attacked by three Imperial Star Destroyers while Pers surveyed the ship. Upon feeling the Imperialis thrum as the ship's automatic defense system destroy the gravity-based mines deployed by the Star Destroyers, Pers, Aleksin, and Pavol entered the cockpit where Calrissian and Lobot were present. Outside the viewport, Pers spotted a Star Destroyer and reprimanded Calrissian for risking their lives. Calrissian navigated the Imperialis away from the Star Destroyers. Once safely in deep space, Pers claimed the ship was full of treasures, including a Gungan fertility totem. While guiding the group through the ship, Pers suggested the Imperialis was a work of art, custom created by Raith Sienar, who supposedly kept his unique technology for preferred clients. She then pointed out the central chamber, which was well secured. Using his implants, Lobot opened the chamber and was stabbed by an Imperial Royal Guard on the other end. While Aleskin and Pavol dealt with the two Royal Guards, Pers helped Calrissian take the injured Lobot to the medical bay and into a bacta tank that she had found earlier during her survey. Pers identified the ship belonging to Emperor Palpatine and reprimanded Calrissian for the impending doom that the smuggler had brought on them all. After a visit to the armory, Pers and Calrissian returned to help the twins but found that the twins had killed the Royal Guards. Pers proceeded to take the helmet of one of the dead guards, finding the corrupted face of the guard. Tossing the helmet aside, Pers continued into the central chamber to find the something that the guards were left to protect. In the central chamber, Pers identified the numerous antiquities as being priceless Sith artifacts. Meanwhile, a bounty hunter serving Emperor Palpatine named Chanath Cha boarded the Imperialis in hopes of recovering the starship for the Emperor. After identifying the artifacts as being created by the Sith sculptor, Darth Momin, Pers told Calrissian that the price of the artifacts could be worth enough credits for a moon or two to the correct buyer. However, the mask of Lord Momin corrupted Aleskin, who grabbed a red lightsaber and attacked Pavol. Calrissian and Pers escaped Aleskin and closed the central chamber. Reflecting on her past research into the Sith, Pers suggested that proximity to the Sith artifacts might have corrupted the Royal Guards and Aleksin. Pers decided to find an escape pod, recommending Calrissian and Lobot do the same. However, Chanath Cha had deactivated the escape pods. While heading to the bridge to reactivate the escape pods, Pers was captured at gunpoint by Cha and refused to disclose information about other members of her crew. Although Calrissian failed to rescue Pers, the bounty hunter recognized Calrissian and lowered her blasters. Cha told the two that she would help them escape and proceeded to self-destruct the ship despite the pleas of Pers and Calrissian for assistance in stealing the artifacts. Once Calrissian brought up Lobot, Cha stopped inputting the self-destruct codes. Suddenly, Aleksin and Pavol appeared and provided Pers the opportunity to join their side. After being handed the helmet artifact, Pers decided to join the twins and kill the others. Aleksin then stabbed Pers through the chest with a red lightsaber.Korin Pers was a female Ugnaught. She sustained a cybernetic eye while helping the smuggler Lando Calrissian on one of his jobs. Korin Pers was once the respected Sava at the University of Bar'leth who specialized in the study of ancient antiquities including Jedi and Sith relics. After losing her position, Pers took a job with Calrissian. She disliked Calrissian after losing her left eye during that job. Despite her hostility, she agreed to work with Calrissian after learning that he and his associates plan to steal a luxurious Imperial yacht. Pers regarded Palpatine's luxury yacht, the Imperialis, as a work of art and believed that the ship's Sith relics would make them rich. After discovering that the Sith artifacts had corrupted the Royal Guards aboard and Aleksin and Pavol, she recommended fleeing the ship. When captured by the bounty hunter Chanath Cha, Pers refused to betray her fellow crew. Due to her academic interest in artifacts and history, Pers objected to Chanath's plan to destroy the ship. Pers was corrupted by the dark side influence inside the Sith helmet aboard the Imperialis and decided to join the twins and kill the others. However, Aleksin killed her with a red lightsaber.Korin Pers was the respected Sava who was a reputable expert on ancient antiquities during the last decades of the Galactic Republic. After research into Jedi artifacts fell out of favor, Pers was forced to ply her skills to helping smugglers like Lando Calrissian steal artifacts in order to survive.
Tellpah was a male Keshiri scholar and Lost Tribe of Sith slave who accompanied High Lord Edell Vrai during a reconnaissance mission to the continent of Alanciar in 2975 BBY. During that mission, he served aboard Vrai's airship Candra, which was held aloft by a helium gasbag and powered by two uvak, winged reptilian beasts of burden. Tellpah survived a skirmish with the Alanciari air force which resulted in the destruction of the Tribe's three scouting airships and the death of four-fifths of the expedition. After making landfall about a kilometer to the northeast of Point Defiance, Tellpah and the five other survivors led by Vrai climbed a cliff which led to a fortified tower known as Point Defiance. While climbing up, the Human Sith Saber Ulbrick was badly wounded in the thigh by the Alanciari Wardmaster Quarra Thayn, who was defending her lover Jogan Halder with a hand-ballista. After the Sith disarmed the two Alanciari captives, Tellpah informed Vrai that Ulbrick was gravely wounded. Since the young Sith warrior was unable to walk without much pain, Vrai decapitated him so they would not be held back and to avoid the Alanciari taking a live prisoner. Tellpah was then assigned the task of hiding Ulbrick's dead body, which was dumped into a deep cistern. He then accompanied Vrai and Thayn into the signal tower, where they searched through Point Defiance's library and spotted the Alanciari boat, Mischance. The Sith then hijacked this vessel and used it to return to Keshtah Minor with their captive Halder. Tellpah was aboard the Mischance when the harvester made its first journey to Keshtah by sailing through the Southern Passage which led to the Sea of Flames, a small sea to the west of Keshtah. Meanwhile, Vrai and Thayn embarked on a ground-based reconnaissance mission of Alanciar. Thus, Tellpah helped contribute to the Sith conquest of Alanciar. In the end, the Sith managed to conquer Alanciar after they used Halder to convince the Alanciari that the Sith did not pose a threat to them.A Disastrous Expedition Tellpah was a Keshiri man who served the Lost Tribe of Sith during the Hilts Restoration. As with all Keshiri who lived on the continent of Keshtah Minor, Tellpah was raised to revere and worship the Sith Tribe as the descendants of the Protectors, ancient gods in Keshiri religion. In 2975 BBY, Tellpah served as a scholar and translator during the High Lord Edell Vrai's reconnaissance mission to Alanciar. He served aboard Edell's flagship Candra, which was an airship that was held aloft by a hydrogen gasbag and powered by two uvaks, winged reptilian beasts that were native to the planet Kesh. The other eight crew aboard the Candra included Edell's lieutenant and pilot Peppin, the thoughtcrier Taymor, five Sith Sabers including Ulbrick and Janns, and another Keshiri scholar. Taymor and the Sith scouting fleet traveled across the Western Sea to Alanciar's southeastern peninsula region known as the Six Claws. Shortly after arriving in Alanciar, the Sith airships were attacked by black javelins fired from Alanciari ballista emplacements in the Six Claws and were pursued by the Alanciari air force, which consisted of armed uvak riders. Thus, the Sith had made contact with the Keshiri living on Alanciar but quickly learnt that they had a strong military that was capable of resisting invasion. In fact, the Keshiri geologist Adari Vaal, who had initially worked with the Tribe but later attempted to overthrow them, had fled to Alanciar over two thousand years ago. She succeeded in warning the Alanciari about the threat posed by the Lost Tribe. As a result, the Alanciari developed a highly militarized society based around resisting invasion by the Sith. Tellpah was one of the five Sith crew who survived the Candra's crash-landing near Point Defiance, a signal station that was situated on the peninsular of Garrow's Neck. Unseen, the Sith party had dropped north of Point Defiance while the balloon carried the wrecked gondola farther eastward. After traveling for a kilometer, the Sith party led by its commander Edell Vrai climbed a stony tumbledown which led to Point Defiance. While climbing up the cliff, Ulbrick, one of the Sith expedition members, was wounded in the thigh by glass projectiles from a hand-ballista which had been fired by the Alanciari Wardmaster Quarra Thayn, who was protecting her wounded lover Jogan Halder. During the fighting, Halder had been crushed by the fallen uvak Starboard, who had been tethered to the Candra. After a brief but fierce struggle, Peppin and Janns managed to overpower Quarra and take her and her companion prisoner. Quarra revealed that she could speak the same language as the Sith and that the Alanciari had been well prepared for the Sith invasion. Meanwhile, Tellpah attended to Ulbrick's wounds and tried to bandage them with a rag. However, Ulbrick's right thigh had been badly splintered by multiple glass projectiles and his makeshift bandage was completely saturated in blood. Edell approached Tellpah and asked him about Ulbrick's condition before asking the Keshiri what his name was. Tellpah identified himself and informed his captain about Ulbrick's deteriorating condition. Due to the bleeding, Ulbrick was unable to continue walking. After Ulbrick admitted that he would be unable to walk, Edell made the brief decision to euthanize Ulbrick by swiftly decapitating him. This was done to send a warning to the captive Quarra that her life would be in danger if she did not cooperate with her captors and to prevent the Alanciari from capturing a Sith prisoner. Tellpah avoided Edell's lightsaber stroke but his clothes were stained by the resulting gush of blood from Ulbrick's body. Edell then ordered Tellpah to hide the fallen Sith warrior's body. After that, Tellpah and his captain Edell rummaged through the belfries of Point Defiance, searching for manuals that could help them operate the fort's semaphore machine. Shortly later, the Sith were joined by two more Human warriors who had survived the Candra's crash-landing. The captive Quarra was shocked to see a Keshiri serving the Sith and quickly realized that he had come from Keshtah, the domain of the Sith. Quarra attempted to encourage Tellpah to mutiny against his master by telling him that the Keshiri in Alanciar were free. However, Tellpah merely looked at her and was unable to comprehend the notion of the Keshiri being the masters of themselves. In response, Edell ordered Tellpah to ignore the Alanciari woman and to resume his job of finding the proper signal to send. With Tellpah being unable to find a way to operate the semaphore machine, Quarra offered to show them how to send the "all-clear" code. However, Edell did not trust her since he feared that she would alert the other Alanciari to their presence. Unable to operate the semaphore machine, Edell smashed the stand containing the signal cylinders against the stone wall, destroying them. Edell and Tellpah then walked out onto the balcony where they spotted a ship in the horizon. This ship turned out to be the Alanciari fishing trawler Mischance. While most of the Alanciari harvester fleet usually worked in the coral banks of the Southern Passage, captains that were behind in harvesting their quotas of seafood were known to cut corners by fishing in the Western Sea, which was a restricted military zone that was patrolled by the Shore Guard, the Alanciari coast guard. Edell decided that the six surviving Sith would hijack the harvester and then use it to return to Keshtah. The Sith also brought their two prisoners Quarra and Jogan with them. Prior to their evacuation from Point Defiance, Ulbrick's body was dumped into a cistern in an effort to hide it from Alanciari reinforcements who had been dispatched from Garrow's Neck. The Sith party managed to hijack and seize control of the Mischance. During that brief but violent skirmish, all of the Keshiri sailors fought to the death. Edell Vrai's lieutenant also attempted to interrogate one of the Alanciari sailors but he refused to disclose any information to the Sith prior to his death. The Sith also found that the vessel contained several good maps of the currents in the Southern Passage. Edell and his lieutenant Peppin ten decided to use the Mischance to return home to Keshtah and warn the Tribe of the military capabilities of the Alanciari. While the Mischance was merely a lowly harvesting vessel, it was larger and more advanced than any of the seagoing vessels which Keshtah had produced. Having accomplished their mission, Edell and Peppin decided to return home with their new acquisitions. However, Edell was unwilling to return home and made up orders claiming that he had to remain behind on Alanciar for a ground-based reconnaissance mission. Later, Tellpah was present when his captain Edell Vrai presented the other captive Quarra Thayn with the offer of serving as his guide on a ground reconnaissance mission into Alanciar's interior. Edell wanted to find out more about Alanciar's military government, the War Cabinet, in order to provide the Sith Tribe with more intelligence on Alanciar. He told Quarra that the pair would infiltrate Alanciar through Meori Cove in Garrow's Neck, which was not under military surveillance. They would then travel to Alanciar's capital of Sus'mintri, which he estimated would take them several days to reach. Edell intended for this reconnaissance mission to last for a maximum of two weeks. Edell also lied to Quarra and claimed that the Mischance would remain off the coast of Garrow's Neck until they received a signal that he had returned. Quarra was initially unwilling to cooperate until Edell threatened to kill her lover Jogan by throwing him into the ocean. Quarra then suggested that Edell use his own Keshiri slave, Tellpah, for this mission. However, Edell reiterated that he wanted a local guide who knew Alanciar. He also explained that the reason why he had brought Tellpah and the other Keshiri from Keshtah was to spread their religion, which was centered around the Sith "Protectors". Edell also wanted to learn more about the military capabilities of the Alanciari. Finally, Quarra agreed to assist Edell in return for them untying Jogan from the ship's and attending to his wounds. Edell agreed to Quarra's demands and ordered Peppin and Tellpah to untie Jogan. After depositing Edell and Quarra at Meori Cove, the Mischance returned to Keshtah. Tellpah was presumably aboard the ship during its first transoceanic voyage to Keshtah. Under the leadership of Edell's lieutenant Peppin, the Mischance navigated through the Southern Passage and sailed into the Sea of Flames. After two weeks of traveling, the Mischance arrived on the western coast of Keshtah. After landing, Peppin flew ahead to the Sith capital of Tahv with a copy of the Keshtah Chronicles, which the Sith had obtained from Jogan's private library. This book was a popular history book which had been written by Adari Vaal following her exile and provided the Sith with invaluable intelligence on what the Alanciari knew about the Sith Tribe. After staging a grand deception operation in Tahv, Hilts and the other Sith High Lords managed to convince Jogan Halder that the Sith were not a threat to Alanciar but were rather the benign Protectors. As a result, the Alanciari submitted to Sith rule.As with many of the Keshiri who lived on the continent Keshtah, Tellpah had a servile attitude and relationship with the Lost Tribe of Sith, the Human Sith who ruled Kesh. He revered and worshiped the Tribe as the Protectors, benign gods in Keshiri religion who had fought a "Great Battle" against a race of malevolent beings known as the Destructors. As with many of the other Keshtah Keshiri, Tellpah had a lower forehead and a slightly narrower face than the Keshiri living on the continent of Alanciar, who called themselves the Alanciari. His commander High Lord Edell Vrai merely regarded him as a slave whose name did not matter. During the Tribe's reconnaissance mission to Alanciar, Tellpah served his Sith masters faithfully and unquestioningly. He was selected for this mission due to his knowledge and expertise in the ancient Keshiri language, which the Tribe speculated was the main language of the Keshiri in Alanciar. However, Tellpah did not need to use his linguistic skills since the Alanciari already spoke the same language as the Sith and Keshiri from Keshtah. When Tellpah first encountered the Alanciari woman Quarra Thayn, he was shocked and unable to comprehend the fact that there were other Keshiri on Alanciar who were not subordinate to the Sith but who ran their own lives. However, Edell silenced Quarra and ordered Tellpah to continue with his work of finding out how to operate Point Defiance's semaphore machine. Ultimately, Tellpah's loyalty to the Tribe won out over Quarra's pleas.
Scientists were researchers in the fields of biology, chemistry and physics. The Kaminoans were scientists who specialized in cloning technology. Galen Walton Erso was a scientist and polymath employed by the Galactic Empire to be a crucial part in the development of the Death Star. Zare Leonis's parents, Leo and Tepha Leonis, were agricultural scientists employed by the Imperial Ministry of Agriculture. Galactic Emperor Darth Sidious enlisted the scientist Cylo to look into possible replacements for his apprentice Darth Vader. The female Tulon Voidgazer was a scientist who served aboard the Death Star superweapon before its destruction.
Scientists were beings who followed the profession of studying, and in some cases manipulating, the nature of the galaxy. They studied biology, chemistry, physics, or derivatives of these fields. Many scientists also displayed a great interest in midi-chlorians. Some scientists, such as Jenna Zan Arbor, made a living by introducing a virus into a world, then months later, when the civilization was devastated by it, releasing the cure for a huge sum of credits. Scientists' field of enterprise varied greatly, with some going into the design of interstellar ships, aiding the creation of ships such as the TIE/D Defender or the Star Destroyer, or building superweapons. Many stuck to the typical natural scientific studies. Often, scientists had the title of doctor, like Farnsworth. Scientists either worked alone, or as a community at universities such as the University of Coruscant or the University of Sanbra.
An agricultural expert was a specialist in agriculture, the science of farming plants. Tayvor Mandirly, brother to Queen Mazicia Organa of Alderaan, was a renowned agricultural expert until he was murdered on Antar 4.
An archaeologist was an individual who studied and uncovered ancient civilizations and technologies—archaeology. Doctor Chelli Aphra was an archaeologist who operated during the Galactic Civil War, specializing in the theft of advanced weaponry and droid technology.
An archaeologist was a scientist and researcher dedicated to uncovering information about long forgotten civilizations and ruins through the exploration, recovery and examination of remaining material from the past, such as graves, buildings, tools, pottery, and artifacts.Levat was a Duros archaeologist during the Galactic Civil War who teamed up with the pilot Janese and big game hunter Keth to explore a Rakatan temple on the planet Rhen Var. The human Indiana Jones from an unknown planet, was an archaeologist.
An astronomer was a profession in which an individual mapped the galaxy and studied space. The astronomers of the Tah'Nuhna charted the cosmos. One ancient astronomer, Harkrova, discovered a star system, which was named the Harkrova system after its discoverer.
An astronomer studied the science of celestial objects and phenomena called astronomy. They discovered new stars, planets, supernovas, and mapped constellations. It was usually regarded as a lifelong occupation for people who spent their entire lives on only one planet. The bright skies of Coruscant prevented amateur astronomers from studying space from that planet. Astronomy was a subject taught at many schools across the galaxy, including the Jedi Temple where Anakin Skywalker learned it. Astronomy was among one of many subjects that DJ-88 taught Ken. An astronomer on Tamban first "discovered" the Koornacht Cluster, and named it after Aitro Koornacht.
An astrophysicist was someone who studied spatial physics and astronomy. The job usually required a high amount of education prior to commencing a career in astrophysics, particularly in the physical sciences. The Extragalactic Society hired numerous astrophysicists, including Danni Quee. Regalia Sub-space station-12 director mOKDAR 15 was a member of the Society for the Refusal of Astrophysics, an anti-astrophysics association that produced monthly publications.
Biochemists were any of a variety of scientists who used chemicals to create or alter life forms. They specialized in the scientific branch of bio-chemistry. Bio-chemists could also have been considered a form of geneticist.
Bioengineering, also referred to as genetic engineering or gene splicing, was the science of altering the genes of a species to produce a desired result. The Nu-Cosian race was created through bioengineering, using genetic material from the Cosian species. Some geneticists surmised that the group of related species collectively known as the Delphidians were bioengineered as slaves by some long-gone master. Agricultural scientists Leo Leonis and his wife Tepha worked on creating genetically-modified crops to help feed the people of Chrona. Bioengineering prehensile tails on beings was considered vogue on Coruscant during the Imperial Era. They were said to never last more than a few months.Leia, Princess of Alderaan Seasonal chewfly swarms used to plague the Fruited Moon of the Hetzal system until they had been genetically modified out of existence. Following the death and reincarnation of Darth Sidious, Dark Lord of the Sith, the Sith Eternal cultists turned to gene splicing in their efforts to create a suitable vessel for Sidious' essence. Their experimentation on his template produced various strandcasts, including a cloned "son" of the Dark Lord, all of which were deemed failed specimens.
Bioengineering, also known as genetic engineering, was the process of altering or adapting biological subjects to suit specific needs. Those who engaged in these activities were known as bioengineers (sometimes hyphenated bio-engineer). Various companies and organizations took part in bioengineering, such as the Republic Livestock and Agriculture Administration, genetic research industries such as GeneSculpt and TheraGene, and entire planetary governments such as the Arkanian Dominion.The earliest example of bioengineering was countless years ago on the sentient planet Yuuzhan'tar, which modified living organisms on its surface for specific uses. The living planetoid used these organisms and its symbionts the Yuuzhan Vong to fight off threats to their world. Eventually, Yuuzhan'tar was destroyed but the Yuuzhan Vong retained the practice of bioengineering complex organisms which was done so by their Shapers in order to suit set tasks usually accomplished through technology. This was partly because of the intense technophobia the Yuuzhan Vong had toward machines and they termed their living servants as biots. The Qella were another race that had mastered bioengineering by modifying organisms on their world, though they did not develop the means to mass produce the creatures. By 120 BBY, they produced the Teljkon Vagabond and launched it from their world in order to reform Brath Qella after its surface was devastated by a planetoid. Later, by 129 BBY, the Langhesi had migrated to the planet Zonama Sekot, where they began shaping the native lifeforms to produce living technology through bioengineering. Certain other species that had learned the art of bioengineering included the Lurrians, who had genetically engineered a number of species on their home planet of Lur. The planet Gallinore in the Hapes Consortium also had experience in bioengineering as they created the Rainbow gem in laboratories. The Charon were another species that used bioengineering to create living technology, and their bioscientist caste were adept in its usage. By 21 BBY, the Confederacy of Independent Systems had conducted their own bioengineering procedures, which they worked on the planet Xagobah. The Techno Union were thus able to bioengineer Malvil-trees and created a living structure called the Mazariyan Citadel on the planet. It was involved in the Battle of Xagobah during the Clone Wars. Following the Clone Wars, the newly formed Galactic Empire placed strict laws on both cloning technology and bioengineering, which impacted on the Lurrians. The rigid laws also led to numerous acts to circumvent them, such as the kidnapping of Lurrians in order to make use of their talents. The Imperial Corps of Bioengineers was the accordant department of the Empire during the Galactic Civil War. In 3 ABY, the Empire bioengineered the cliff wampa from the original wampa ice creature native to the planet Hoth. In addition, Imperial scientists were involved in the creation of bioengineered creatures such as Subject 4D668493X.The cloners of Kamino modified the clone troopers' loyalty, aggression, independence and discipline in order to guarantee that the army would be more docile and less independent than their template.Republic Commando: Triple ZeroThe Nightseer, Wingle, and Craw-maw of Ruan were all modified by food corporations in order to be wingless and silent.The New Jedi Order: Agents of Chaos II: Jedi EclipseThe Ragithian Humans of Ragith III were genetically altered to be larger and stronger than normal humans to withstand their planet's gravity.Death StarThe Gra was genetically modified to be a hardier herd animal.Dark Forces: Rebel AgentThe Shistavanen were bioengineered as a part of their evolutionary process.The New Essential Guide to Alien SpeciesSeventeen was a unique bioengineered creature composed of parts of several different animals.The Clone Wars: Act on InstinctStone mites were an engineered crustacean that fed specifically on metals.Stone Mites Claim Ord TiddellSubject 4D668493X was an engineered killing and tracking machine created by Imperials.Bounties to Die ForVoort saBinring was genetically altered to have extreme intelligence and mathematical skills.X-Wing: Wraith SquadronKyrisa, a Nightsister, bioengineered a wampa named Unkajo to be much larger than average.Rothana Heavy Engineering sold a genetically modified gelagrub that was designed to not pupate into their beetle form.
Biologists were scientists who studied life and living organisms. Their interests included the Dugs' unique method of locomotion and how the fambaas and falumpasets were first transported from Naboo to Onderon.
A biologist was a scientist who studied life and living organisms. Demagol, who was noted for his research into the source of Jedi powers during the time of the Mandalorian Wars, was by 3964 BBY noted as the top Mandalorian biologist.
A cartographer was an individual who made maps. Following the establishment of the Galactic Empire at the end of the Clone Wars, exploration of Wild Space resumed, which allowed cartographers to make a decent living selling new maps of the mysterious region. The spouses Auric and Rhyssa Graf were both cartographers, as was their descendant Emil Graf.
A cartographer referred to one who produced maps, particularly of an astrographical nature. Galactic Republic cartographers were responsible for establishing the sprawling Javin sector in the Outer Rim Territories.
A chemist was a student of chemistry. Chemists study the properties of chemical substances and compounds. When Captain-Supervisor Grammel demanded to know the properties of a shard of the Kaiburr crystal, Luke Skywalker protested that he was not a chemist.
Clone Master was the title of cloning technologists and scientists, such as Tef Shabiak for Arkanian Microtechnologies or Sayn Ta on Kamino. However, the name became associated with a group of renegade cloners who attempted a coup against the Galactic Empire with their custom-bred Anti-trooper clones.Kamino was kept under the watchful eye of Emperor Palpatine in order to ensure that the planet's cloning technology remained under Imperial control. A small group of Kaminoans, resentful of the Empire's presence, began to grow an army of clone troopers to use in order to fight against their perceived oppressors. These rogue clone troopers were called clone anti-Imperial troopers because they were created to fight against the Empire. They wore Phase I clone trooper armor and were mostly Jet Troopers and Rail ARC Commandos. The uprising was put down in the Kamino uprising. The conflict pitted these Kamino-grown troops against their own genetic brothers serving the Empire: members of the 501st Legion of stormtroopers, led by the bounty hunter Boba Fett, who had great knowledge of the facility. The Kaminoan clones were exterminated, with Kamino remaining under Imperial control and the rogue cloning facilities being commandeered for the Empire. The leaders of the Clone Masters attempted to escape but failed. The survivors were put under Imperial rule and carefully watched by the Empire, to prevent any chances or hopes of another uprising from occurring in future. Although the clone rebellion was soundly defeated, this incident convinced Emperor Palpatine to commission the creation of new clones from different templates and the recruitment of non-clone Humans to fill the ranks of the Stormtrooper Corps.
Galen Walton Erso served as a crystallographer for the Galactic Empire, researching potential usages of kyber crystals as part of his research into crystallography.
A cyberneticist, also known as a cyborgist, was a type of doctor that specialized in cybernetics. Cornelius Evazan was a cyborgist, as were Rajam Nuss and his mentor Prexo.
Doctor (abbreviated as Dr.) was a title used by physicians or individuals who held an advanced degree in a medical or scientific field. They were generally considered an expert on a specific subject of study. Individuals who held the title of doctor included Kaminoan Nala Se, Sionver Boll of the Republic, the Separatist Nuvo Vindi, the Mandalorian Zak Zaz, and the Jedi Consular Rig Nema. During the Clone Wars, clone troopers who were trained as medics were sometimes referred to as doctors. Harter Kalonia was a doctor active with the Resistance during the Cold War who also held the rank of major. Aside from attending to physical and mental ailments, doctors of the Jedi Temple medical center were trained to aid Jedi who had lost their connection to the Force. At one point, Doctor Chelli Lona Aphra had her doctorate revoked during the reign of the Galactic Empire.
An ecologist was a type of scientist who studied the ecology of planets. Bersin Sekolah, an Ithorian ecologist, studied the ecology of the planet Tasariq, and was convinced that there was a natural and permanent solution to restoring the planet's atmosphere without the need for technology.
An embryologist was a specialist in the field of study that concerned embryos and their development. Elliam Baniora was a noted embryologist.
Geneticists were scientists who specialized in genetics, the branch of biology concerned with the study of heredity and variation in life forms. They notably researched genetic relationships between species, establishing which species was an offshoot or ancestor of another. For example, geneticists argued for millennia about the exact relationship between the Ithorians and the Ottegans.
Geneticists were experts in genetics, a branch of biology that dealt with the heredity and variation of organisms. They studied and manipulated DNA and genes, typically working in laboratories and cloning facilities. Some were formed at the Chandrilan Academy of Sciences. A notable example of genetic manipulation is that of the Kaminoans. Contracted to create a clone army, the Kaminoans used Jango Fett as the template, creating an army that the Galactic Republic would later use in the Clone Wars. After studying cloning processes, ambitious geneticists such as Borborygmus Gog and Mammon Hoole researched on abiogenesis, or spontaneous origination of living organisms from lifeless matter.
A geologist was a type of scientist. Tev was a geologist member of the Alliance to Restore the Republic who was part of a team that scouted Hoth as a possible location for an Alliance base.
A geologist was a student of geology. Jedi geologists were a variation of this, working through the Agricultural Corps. Geologists mapped the geology of planets and charted mineral resources. Two geologists, on a long layover at a Galactic Republic orbital fueling station over the planet Makem Te, decided to visit one of the planet's rock quarry and discovered it was rich with metals and medical-grade spice. As a result, dozens of mines were greedily placed on Makem Te. In 40 ABY, a geologist and a minerals engineer ran some scans of the planet Mandalore over terrain bombarded by Yuuzhan Vong. Within craters, outcrops from a lode of beskar, Mandalorian iron, were exposed, turning the economy of Mandalore around. Adari Vaal was a female geologist that studied the rocks of her home planet Kesh. She was branded a heretic by her people for scientifically claiming that the planet had not been created by their deities, the Skyborn, but rather by volcanic activity.
Geophysicists were scientists dedicated to the study of physics and its effects on terrestrial planets.
A hyperspace surveyor was an individual, similar to that of a cartographer, who would map out hyperspace routes to connect planets with each other. At one point, the Jedi Order hired hyperspace surveyors to map out a dedicated hyperspace route between the Core World Metellos and the Unknown Regions world Ilum, for Jedi needed to travel to Ilum to obtain kyber crystals.
A metallurgist was a scientist who studied metallurgy. Ketrian Altronel was a noted metallurgist on her homeworld Hargeeva.
Meteorologists were individuals who studied and predicted weather patterns. Meteorologists were particularly in need on Cloud City to predict storms that could threaten air traffic around the platform. The Storm Guard were based out of Kerros Tower and had full authority to ground all modes of transportation. The Meri Honn Dangel worked on Bespin as a meteorologist, using his species innate talent for weather prediction.Galaxy Guide 2: Yavin and Bespin, Second Edition
A microbiologist was a scientist who worked in the field of microbiology. Microbiologists studied organisms called microbes. Microbes could take the form of bacteria, viruses, fungi, and protists. One of the microbiologist's main research aims was to find out how microbes affected the world around them.Bacteriologists worked in the field of bacteriology and studied bacteria.Environmental microbiologists worked in the field of environmental microbiology and studied microbial processes in the environment.Food microbiologists worked in the food industry and studied pathogenic microorganisms that caused food-borne illness and spoilage.Industrial microbiologists generally worked in biotechnology and studied microorganisms that produced useful products.Medical microbiologists were medical practitioners (physicians) who had chosen to specialize in the diagnosis and treatment of microbial diseases in patients.Mycologists worked in the field of mycology and studied fungi.Protozoologists worked in the field of protozoology and studied protists.Virologists worked in the field of virology and studied viruses.Microbial epidemiologists studied the role of microorganisms in health and illness.Immunologists studied how the body defended itself against viruses, bacteria, and etc.
A Mineralogist was somebody who studied minerals. While the demolitions expert Skelly was not a trained mineralogist, he conducted independent research on the thorilide crystalline structure of the moon Cynda and deduced that mining was detrimental to the moon's survival.
A mineralogist was a scientist who specialized in the study of the various minerals in the the galaxy. The Arcona Vegath Tist claimed to be a mineralogist in 8 ABY to join the crew of the FarStar.
An MO-7 science officer was a specialized type of science officer in the Republic Army. One was stationed on Taris at Olaris, and Sergeant Elara Dorne enlisted the officer's aid to study several sets of abandoned power converters.
A mudopterist studied avian insects.
Myriapodologists were individuals who specialized in the study of certain arthropods. The Coruscant Zoo employed myriapodologists, and in 7955 C.R.C. they identified the creatures used by the bounty hunter Zam Wesell in an attempt to assassinate Senator Padmé Amidala as Indoumodo kouhuns.
Nano-scientists were specialized scientists who dealt with the creation of nanoviruses. Nanoviruses were difficult and expensive to produce, requiring a staff of highly trained nano-scientist several months to create.
Oceanographers studied and worked on numerous things related to oceans, also known as Oceanography. Sissalik was a famous oceanographer.
A paleontologist was a scientist practicing paleontology, which involved studying species of prehistoric creatures. By 3630 BBY, paleontologists had established a camp near the large fossil beds on the planet Noe'ha'on.
A paleotechnologist was a scientist that specialized in ancient technologies, such as that of the Rakata.
A physicist was a scientist who did research in physics, which ranged from studying all types of phenomenon, from subatomic particles to the universe as a whole.
Planetologists studied planets. Among planetologists there was debate over the method of formation of the moons of the planet Yavin Prime.
Proctor of Information Science was a position that could be held by a member of the Duskhan League. The proctor Vor Duull advised Nil Spaar aboard the Aramadia.
A science officer was a title held by scientific officers in some armed forces. In the Imperial Military, they were generally part of the command team assigned to IM-455 modular garrisons during the Galactic Civil War. Gann Sakoal and Garboza served as science officers in the Sith Empire during the Cold War. Lieutenant Dunnels was a science officer in the Royal Naboo Security Forces.
A seismologist was a type of scientist that specialized in the study of seismic activity, such as earthquakes and tectonic movement. Hare'en was a seismologist employed by the Galactic Republic to work on the Shock Drum project.
A sentientologist (also referred to as a sapientologistGalaxy Guide 4: Alien Races (Second Edition)|Galaxy Guide 4: Alien Races, Second Edition]] or an anthropologist) was a scientist who studied the biology, culture, and history of the galaxy's wide variety of sentient races and species. The University of Sanbra's Sentient Studies Department was one of the main centers for the study of sentientology. Scholars at the University of Coruscant were also influential in the field. Under the New Republic, a multi-species committee of scholars at the University of Coruscant were responsible for classifying species as sentient, semi-sentient, or non-sentient. Prominent sentientologists of the Imperial era included:Obo Rin, an Imperial functionary who wrote two editions of Catalog of Intelligent Life in the Galaxy under Darth Vader's sponsorship.Ditwar Logas, a renowned scholar who Obo Rin enhanced his reputation by claiming to have worked with (though these claims were suspect).Galaxy Guide 4: Alien Races, First EditionTem Eliss, a Iyra professor at the University of Sanbra who wrote The University of Sanbra Guide to Intelligent Life.Senior Anthropologist Mammon Hoole, an independent Shi'ido researcher who was the major contributor to The Essential Guide to Alien Species.
A toxicologist was a scientist who specialized in toxic materials and their effects on biological material.
Xenoarborists were scientists that specialized in the study of trees. Xenoarborists were consulted by Meysen Kayson when he discovered species of greel tree in the Pii system.
Xenobiologists were individuals specializing in the study of the different species of the galaxy. Several members of the Kallidahin species worked as xenobiologists at the Polis Massa Base on the asteroid Polis Massa and tended to Padmé Amidala when she gave birth to the twins Luke and Leia at the base.
A xenobiologist was a specialist in the universe's lifeforms, such as animals, plants, fungi and bacterium. They could be found in ecological projects for the maintenance of several planets biodiversity and in some medical units, during the Clone Wars. The natural interest that Ithorians showed towards the protection of every kind of lifeform made them natural xenobiologists, with many of the galaxy's most important xenobiologists being of this species.Pato AdoRivoc FennerSoron HegertyDusque MistflierTendau NandonDoctor Mal Ree OhrRachottPippa RosheedDoctor A. RahringXemlornObo Rin
A xenobotanist was a scientist who researched and studied alien plant life. The xenobotanist could either study at a facility in controlled conditions, or in the field.
A xenochemist was a scientist who specialized in alien chemicals.
A xenozoologist was a scientist who specialized in xenozoology, the study of alien wildlife. Galactic Republic xenozoologists were unable to classify all the dangerous animals in the forests of the planet Lamaredd in the five centuries after its settlement. They also mistakenly believed that the sentient native species Menahuun had been completely wiped out.
A zoologist was a being that studied sentient and non-sentient creatures. Doctor Hazlekk was a zoologist who collected rare specimens for Emperor Sheev Palatine's personal zoo.
A zoologist was a being who studied the physiology and behavior of wild non-sentient creatures. Lyrre T'enna was a zoologist.
Bodyguards were responsible for the protection of individuals. Often they were a part of a military or security force. Organizations that served as bodyguards included the Emperor's Royal Guard, the Senate Guard, the Elite Praetorian Guard, the Royal Naboo Security Forces, the Mandalorian Protectors, the Coruscant Guard, and the Geonosian royal guard. IG-100 MagnaGuards served as droid bodyguards for members of the Confederacy of Independent Systems, most notably General Grievous.
Bodyguards were beings hired to protect someone. Many people in the galaxy, from Palpatine down to Jabba the Hutt, had bodyguards. Bodyguards were often hired to protect high-risk heads of big corporations, such as San Hill of the InterGalactic Banking Clan. Most crime lords hired bodyguards, as they were big targets for an assassin hired by a rival. In the days of the Old Republic, Jedi often served as bodyguards for senators or the Supreme Chancellor, up until the Clone Wars, when the Senate Guard (later the Red Guard) took over the protection of the Chancellor. Grievous, leader of the CIS droid army, had IG-100 MagnaGuards act as his bodyguards. During the reign of the Empire, stormtroopers could often be found protecting various officials of the Empire. Also, Gamorreans were often hired as bodyguards. Several members of the Noghri species served as bodyguards for members of the Galactic Empire and New Republic. One Noghri bodyguard, Rukh, was Grand Admiral Thrawn's bodyguard before Rukh killed Thrawn during the Battle of Bilbringi. After the Noghri discovered that Leia Organa Solo was the daughter of Darth Vader, she was frequently protected by Noghri bodyguards including Khabarakh and Mobvekhar.
During the Galactic Civil War, Imperial Corporal Vandolay served as a detention officer aboard the Super Star Destroyer Executor, flagship of the Empire.
Handmaidens were personal aides to royal personalities of the galaxy. The Echani Handmaiden Sisters served the Jedi Master Atris on Telos IV. They all had identical appearances, save Brianna, who had the same father as her half-sisters, but a different mother. Before joining the Jedi Order, Jaesa Willsaam lived on Alderaan, serving as a handmaiden to Gesselle Organa. Perhaps the most notable of handmaidens were the handmaidens of the Monarch of Naboo. An unidentified queen, who reigned long before the Invasion of Naboo, began the custom for Naboo monarchs to have an entourage of handmaidens to ensure their safety. During the reign of Queen Amidala, the handmaidens bore a striking resemblance to their mistress. They were highly trained in order to act as bodyguards, decoys and confidantes to the queen,Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary roles devised by Captain Panaka.Queen in Disguise Queens Jamillia and Kylantha were also known to employ handmaidens.Handmaidens of Jedi Master AtrisBriannaHandmaiden SistersJaesa WillsaamAs QueenSabéEirtaéRabéSachéYanéFé}DanéStar Wars: Invasion of Theed Adventure Game CordéDorméVerséTeckla MinnauMoteéElléSabéEirtaéDuring her career, Amidala was also attended to by three other handmaidens, but at unknown times:HolléMiréUmé Altah Jaanie Liane
Head of Security was a title held by the commanding officer of the Royal Naboo Security Forces and individual personally responsible for the Monarch of Naboo's safety. By the Invasion of Naboo, Captain Quarsh Panaka served in the role. During the Clone Wars, Gregar Typho served as head of security for Senator Padmé Amidala. The title was also used by the Galactic Republic during the High Republic Era.
Head of Security was a position held by many individuals of the galaxy. Many crime lords and senators hired heads of security to foil any attacks or assassination attempts. Quarsh Panaka served as Head of Security of the Royal Naboo Security Forces.
The Naboo Royal Handmaidens, or simply handmaidens, were a group of young women chosen as aides to the Queen of the planet Naboo. Responsible for assisting the Queen with everyday tasks, they also served as her bodyguards and those chosen to join the entourage often closely resembled the current queen, allowing them to function as decoys should the need arise. The tradition of using handmaidens as protection and security for royal leaders originated generations prior to the Invasion of Naboo, during more uncertain times. The Naboo Royal Handmaidens assisted the sovereign with everyday tasks including hair, makeup, and clothing. However, handmaidens were often trusted by their monarchs as close friends in addition to playing important security roles as bodyguards, which required working closely with the Royal Naboo Security Forces. Each handmaiden was trained in self-defense and marksmanship and would carry a small blaster pistol.Reviving the tradition The tradition of royal leaders using handmaidens as bodyguards and protection originated generations before the Invasion of Naboo, during more uncertain times. Handmaidens had fallen into history prior to the election of Queen Padmé Amidala, but Captain Panaka proposed reviving practice. It was Panaka's intention to choose one girl who had a close physical appearance to the queen, allowing the handmaiden to pose as Amidala and serve as her decoy while the true sovereign would be in disguise. Amidala disliked other people being at risk for her own safety, but she suggested that multiple handmaidens would better serve to hide her amongst their numbers. Several of those selected as her handmaidens had features in common with their queen, allowing for more than one to potentially take her place, but one in particular would be her primary decoy. Five young women were chosen and adopted names similar to Padmé's own: Eirtaé, Rabé, Sabé, Saché, and Yané.  Amidala's handmaidens were trained in defense and security by Panaka. They wore matching hooded outfits in order to conceal their identities, with billowing cloaks that allowed them to conceal weapons used to defend the queen in case of an attack. Panaka led Amidala's security team during the Invasion of Naboo. During the crisis, Queen Padmé Amidala frequently exchanged places with Sabé, who posed as the Queen in her makeup and black traveling gown while the real Amidala dressed in the same flame-colored robes as her handmaidens. The deception allowed the "handmaiden" Padmé to escort the Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn into Mos Espa in a simple guise when her party was stranded on Tatooine, while her decoy remained on the royal starship. Two other handmaidens, Eirtaé and Rabé, also escorted Amidala to Tatooine as well as Coruscant, and watched as she plead Naboo's case to the Galactic Senate. Rabé also helped to deceive Anakin Skywalker into thinking that Padmé was out on an errand while she was actually present in the room as Queen Amidala. Later on the queen's return to Naboo, they were reunited with Yané and Saché. The handmaidens took part in the mission to re-capture the Royal Palace from the Trade Federation. Sabé stood in as the decoy queen in her royal battle dress, playing a major role in the success of the operation after Amidala was captured.After Amidala became a Senator representing Naboo in the Republic Senate, handmaidens continued to assist her and serve as decoys when needed, though not to the same extent as when she was queen. Prior to the start of the Clone Wars, the handmaiden Cordé served as Amidala's decoy but was killed along with the handmaiden Versé in an assassination attempt aimed at the senator. Amidala shared private tears with a handmaiden named Duja over Cordé's death. A handmaiden named Dormé witnessed a second assassination attempt on her mistress, and expressed concern when Amidala was ordered by Supreme Chancellor Palpatine to return to Naboo under Jedi protection. During the Clone Wars, following a Separatist terror attack on Coruscant, a handmaiden named Teckla Minnau spoke with Amidala about the effects that the Republic's military spending were having on her family and other families like hers. Shortly after, Amidala delivered a speech to the Senate inspired by her words, which defeated a bill to increase military spending and order more clone troopers. Later, escorting Senator Amidala on a mission to Scipio, Teckla was killed by the bounty hunter Embo while detonating a charge to grant Amidala access to the InterGalactic Banking Clan's Main Vault. Shortly before the end of the conflict, another handmaiden named Moteé was present in the Galactic Senate Chamber when Palpatine declared himself Emperor.Amidala's successor, Réillata, was an older queen who brought with her several handmaidens around her own age, as well as a younger handmaiden, her niece. Her eventual successor Jamillia, was also attended to by a cadre of handmaidens, and Queen Apailana was escorted by her own handmaidens during Amidala's funeral. Shortly after the death of Emperor Palpatine, two royal handmaidens were present in a meeting between Queen Sosha Soruna and her guest, Princess Leia Organa.Shattered Empire 2 They later helped Soruna dress into her flight suit as she prepared to pilot an N-1 starfighter to protect the planet from an Imperial attempt to render Naboo inhospitable, code named Operation: Cinder. When Captain Korro suggested one of the handmaidens take Soruna's place, the queen replied that she could never ask her handmaidens to make a sacrifice she would not make herself.Shattered Empire 3
Perimeter technicians were individuals who specialized in defense technologies such as fences, defensive turrets, alarm systems, barriers and shields. As such, they were often deployed to establish and monitor base camps.
Geonosian royal guards were Geonosian warriors who served as bodyguards. In 21 BBY, during the Second Battle of Geonosis, two escorted Archduke Poggle the Lesser to the Progate Temple.
Geonosian royal guards were warrior caste Geonosians tasked with serving as bodyguards. Two guarded Archduke Poggle the Lesser during the later phases of the Second Battle of Geonosis.
Security Administrator was a position at MerenData. Gray Tucker was Security Administrator during the Separatist Crisis.
Security Advisor was a position briefly occupied by Jar Jar Binks in 23 BBY, when he served as an aide to Captain Gregar Typho at the Naboo Embassy on Coruscant.
The Security Chief was a job in the planet Lamaredd. Officially the Chief of Security of the mining interests of Outer Rim Oreworks on that planet, the Security Chief was also the constable of the nearby fishing settlement of Bartyn's Landing serving as the primary police officer.Around five hundred years before the Battle of Naboo, Hugo Bartyn, an agent of the Outer Rim Oreworks corporation, became the Administrator of their mines in the remote planet Lamaredd. ORO provided Bartyn with a land for his personal use, and he built Bartyn's Landing, a coastal city, there. Bartyn secretly intended to create a community of fishermen and profit with the business of seafood, without giving a part of his incomes to ORO. At the same time, he continued managing the mine and giving ORO a good profit. Having succeede in creating a thriving seafood company, Bartyn Gourmet Delicacies, Bartyn skimmed ORO from several assets including key planetary locations. He also seized the budget of Security and Law Enforcement, a division from ORO, and manipulated it so that ORO would pay the salary of the Security Chief of Bartyn's Landing. The Chief could name official Security Chief's Seconds, and ORO would also pay them. Although the responsabilities of the Chief were to the city, the Chief answered to the Administrator of the mine. When ORO discovered that Bartyn had been creating his own fief in Lamaredd, it was too late to revoke most of his changes. Nonetheless, ORO took control of the local spaceport and staffed it with a crew of guards, creating a separated community where the Chief had no authority. C. 69 BBY, Mix Liddell replaced Ertine as the Chief and remained in the job for forty years. In that time, he was considered the best Security Chief that the Landing had ever had.The Chief was the local constable of Bartyn's Landing, although his or her specific duties would depend on the environment. Should an outlaw or gang threaten the peace, the Chief was supposed to stop any raid, sometimes organizing a posse. In case of open conflict with a different community, the Chief would help the Administrator fortifying the city, even if it stopped the police from looking after local crime. The Chief was also supposed to hunt dangerous animals or packs of them should they be close to the outskirts of the town; map the nearby area; mediate any dispute; and track lost pets.Although the Chief was supposedly a branch of ORO, the person holding the rank was popularly elected by the town council — in elections that were prone to corruption. The job was held until the Chief decided to forfeit it or was unable to continue serving. As the Chief worked for ORO, he or she could not be a member of the Sailor's Union at the same time.
The Security Chief's Seconds were the assistants of the Security Chief, or constable, of the city of Bartyn's Landing in Lamaredd. The Chief could chose his Seconds among citizens whom he trusted. Like the Chief, the Seconds were employees of the Outer Rim Oreworks Company, and wore an ORO insignia. C. 69 BBY, Chief Ertine and most of his Seconds died in a trap of Byrch Dyshkava. The only surviving Second, Mix Liddell, was appointed the new Chief. Liddell recruited several Seconds, including his friend Grubber Vapps, and they stopped Dyshkava. In time, Vapps was promoted to Senior Second. C. 29 BBY, Liddell believed that most of his Seconds were accepting bribes from Administrator Guther Bartyn; he still trusted Vapps and Second Boom Boom. Due to his position, he tried to hire some new Seconds.
Security guards were individuals who were tasked with guarding certain locations.
Security guards or security officers were beings hired to guard certain locations and establishments in the galaxy. They could also be hired as private security forces. Security specialists were guards who had extensive training in close-quarters combat and had special skills and knowledge.
Security Master was a position on the planet Arkania. The Security Master had access to all of the information sources of Arkania, and was able to control the flow of information into and out of the small community. As a general rule, whoever held the position was to have the best interests of the people at heart; even if the motivations were occasionally unclear. Hyrim Focela once served as the Security Master.
The Security Officer or Security Guard was the highest ranking group within the Royal Naboo Security Forces. Unfamiliar to true danger, they led the part-time and volunteer members of the security forces. Among their ranks is the captain of Security. They roughly numbered over 1,000 before the Clone Wars. They wore a maroon leather jerkin with a blue officers uniform underneath, and their weapon of choice was the S-5 heavy blaster pistol.
Security specialists were security guards with special training and knowledge in the area of personnel protection. They served in a similar capacity to bodyguards but were more long term and had generally more formalized training in close-quarter and hand-to-hand combat.
A skiff guard was a mercenary or slave assigned to work on a skiff. A skiff guard's duties included defending the skiff and keeping prisoners in line. Some skiff guards also acted as pilots. Jabba the Hutt kept a contingent of skiff guards to operate his fleet of sand skiffs. This contingent consisted largely of Klatooinians, Niktos, and Weequays including the individuals: Barada, Brock Starsher, Gailid, Kithaba, Klaatu, Lathe, Pagetti Rook, Pote Snitkin, Vedain, Velken Tezeri, Wooof and Yotts Orren. A number of other Human individuals and three Weequay individuals rounded out this complement of guards. They wore no special uniform and were armed with a motley assortment of weapons, including vibro-axes, vibrostaves, and DL-18 blaster pistols. All of these skiff guards fell victim to either the Sarlacc, or a faster and less painful death at the hands of Luke's lightsaber during the attempted execution of Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, and Chewbacca at the Great Pit of Carkoon.
Warden was the title given to anyone who served as the commandant of a prison. During the Clone Wars, Osi Sobeck served as warden for the Separatist prison on Lola Sayu known as the Citadel. Thirty years after the Battle of Endor, Luta was the warden of the privately-run prison Megalox, on Megalox Beta.
Warden was the title given to someone who served as the individual in control of a prison. During the Clone Wars, Osi Sobeck was the warden of the infamous Separatist prison on Lola Sayu known as The Citadel. Dewt Kluskine was once the warden of the Imperial detention facility on Kessel before it was overrun by its inmates. Command of the facility was then passed to Moruth Doole. In the last years of the Old Republic, Fenn Booda served as the warden of Desolation Alley.
Bodyservant was the term given to a person whose occupation it was to serve as the personal assistant to a given being, acting on behalf of and in assistance to their master in many ways. A bodyservant was often, but not always, enslaved to the person whom they served. In 11 ABY, Elegos A'Kla voluntarily took up the post of bodyservant to Corran Horn, then masquerading as Jenos Idanian, in order to maintain the Jedi's cover among the Khuiumin Survivors and the Invids that he had infiltrated.
A butler was a servant who attended to the needs of their employer. In general, butler droids served in the role, but having an organic butler was considered a sign of wealth and prestige.
Cafarel, also known as criblez, were Zeltron courtesans known for fulfilling any sexual desire a being might have, without limits. They were understandably sought out by many crime lords, especially Hutts. Female cafarel outnumbered their male counterparts by a factor of twenty to one. At the time of the Galactic Empire, Zeltron cafarel were often seen sharing Grand Admiral Miltin Takel's private quarters aboard his personal Imperial-class Star Destroyer Magic Dragon.
A clerk was an occupation. The Corellian human Winshur Bratt was the head clerk of the Corellian Engineering Corporation's Records Department before being promoted to Executive Records Officer.
A drooler was a service position held within the Meatlumps, a gang of technology-hating terrorists based out of their hideout on Corellia. Sometime following the Battle of Yavin in 0 BBY, two droolers, a man and a woman, operated a kissing booth within the confines of the Meatlump sewer hideout. In exchange for one Meatlump Lump, the droolers would kiss their customers. It was not uncommon for the Meatlump droolers, after kissing a customer, to transmit a viral infection called Meatlump Mono. People who got this infection could go to the Meatlump complaint department, staffed by Gitchur Lumpback, to demand a refund of their Meatlump Lump. However, Lumpback would put customers through an endless bureaucratic process.
Jimmer was the executive assistant for Nilya Fek'ra.
Fixers were individuals who were hired to unravel difficult situations. Like the gang arbitrators, they displayed diplomatic skills, but they were also capable of using aggressivity if necessary.
Garbage tech was an occupation. Jak Sazz once worked as a garbage tech aboard a media cruiser.
Ghestslayer was an occupation on Rodia. Rodians choosing this job tracked down and killed the dangerous ghests. The Rodian Kalon Lenitor became legendary as a ghestslayer.
Idea generators were beings employed by Lyster Innovations that visited other companies and helped them perform their jobs more efficiently.
A janitor was an individual that cleaned up areas.
A janitor, also referred to as a custodian, or more formally as a Custodial Officer, was a person who took care of a building, such as an educational facility, an office building, or a residential apartment block; or a military starship. Janitors were responsible primarily for cleaning, but were often called upon to perform some maintenance and security duties. Sometimes the duties of a janitor were performed by droids.
A mercenary was an individual who fought for other individuals or parties in return for large amounts of credits. Leia Organa, disgusted at Han Solo seeming to only love money rather than wanting to help the Rebel Alliance, once described him as "quite a mercenary." Moroff was a Gigoran mercenary affiliated with Saw Gerrera's Partisans during the Jedha insurgency.
A mercenary (merc for short), sometimes also called soldier of fortune, hired gun, or free lance, was a soldier who fought or worked in other ways (mostly in those involving violence) for any faction in exchange for a desirable amount of money. Sometimes, the word mercenary was used as a derogatory term for someone who valued credits over other things, such as ideals or kinship.Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope Mercenaries served mostly as troopers or pilots for hire, but also as bodyguards and enforcers. They worked in other military assignments as well, for example in those involving testing the equipment,Star Wars: Starfighter liberating abducted people or retrieving, transporting and protecting valuable goods or items.Underworld: The Yavin Vassilika Some even outfitted other beings with devices and equipment they may need. They appeared in all known eras, being especially active when conflicts erupted. Mercenaries were often said to be opportunistic and concerned only on profits and "survival to fight another day". Mostly they had "neutral" affiliation and were hired by many fighting forces without actually joining them. In some cases though, they grew sympathetic to their clients, such as Kyle Katarn or Han Solo, who eventually joined the Rebel Alliance. Many mercenaries were also defectors from armies or ex-soldiers, often from special forces, thus having versatility and abilities very useful in their occupation. Mercenaries always were equipped with weapons, often they also carried personal armor and multiple devices allowing them to fulfill their employer's demands. Many civilizations were specialized in mercenary business. The Mandalorians have served the galaxy as mercenaries for thousands of years. Having complicated history behind them, Mistryl Shadow Guard dedicated themselves to serve as mercenaries to save their people. Due to their incredible brute strength and low intelligence, Gamorreans were often employed as mercenaries for less demanding. Many Rodians, Trandoshans, Ubese and Weequay were working throughout the galaxy as mercs. Due to their strong military traditions, gungans were also highly regarded as mercenaries. Mercenaries from several factions (like Echani, Iridonians and Mandalorians) were employed in the Jedi Civil War by both Sith and Galactic Republic forces. Prior to the splitting of the Mandalorians into two factions, they were among the most famous and skilled mercenaries in the galaxy. During the Clone Wars, the Separatists often hired mercenaries to perform special operations and other services that required more finesse or creativity than could be found in their droid army. The Republic was not above hiring mercenaries for many of the same reasons. Under the rule of the Galactic Empire, powerful mercenary organizations were either employed by the Empire or hunted down and wiped out, although many mercs were defectors from the Imperial service.The Rebel Alliance hired several privateers in the Galactic Civil War.Only few large mercenary organizations existed in the galaxy. The forces of the galaxy tended to pull such organizations into conflict too regularly for mercenaries to exist in organized companies. Instead, individual mercenaries formed brotherhoods, that often existed as loose networks of contacts and contract makers. These brotherhoods provided some measure of camaraderie amongst the members of this otherwise very lonely business. Occasionally, members of the brotherhoods found themselves employed by opposite sides of armed conflicts, forcing them to fight against each other. But when the contract was over, the brotherhood took precedence. The largest of these brotherhoods was the Brotherhood Mortalis, founded during the final years of the Old Republic. Mandalorian mercenaries, known informally as Mandalorian Mercs, were regarded as some of the finest soldiers-for-hire in the galaxy, greatly due to their warrior-based culture, providing the combat training to its members even when they are very young.After the Mandalorians were defeated by the Galactic Republic during the Mandalorian Wars in the year 3960 BBY, the Jedi Knight Revan disarmed and disbanded the Mandalorian Clans, and allowed them to scatter in disheartened groups across the Outer Rim Territories. There, devoid of leadership and honor, they degenerated. A few Mandalorian Neo-Crusaders survivors returned to the Mandalore system, but many veterans, including Canderous Ordo, humbled their pride and became mercenaries for hire. The skilled Mandalorian Mercs became highly sought after in the aftermath of the Mandalorian Wars. During the Jedi Civil War and the Dark Wars, they gathered on Kashyyyk, Dantooine, Nar Shaddaa, Manaan, and many other worlds where they hired themselves out to the Sith, the Republic, and various criminal organizations such as the Exchange. Canderous Ordo returned to the former Mandalorian headquarters of Dxun and began to rebuild Clan Ordo. Through skill in arms and sheer cunning, he rose to the rank of Mandalore and began to gather the remaining Mandalorian Clans. While journeying with the Jedi Exile during the First Jedi Purge, he was able to convince several groups of Mandalorian mercenaries to give up their independence and join themselves to his cause. It is unknown how many Mandalorians Canderous eventually managed to recruit, but in any case, Mandalorian mercenaries became a traditional part of Mandalorian society and they continued to operate for millennia. Jaster Mereel, a later Mandalore, would later try to purge the dishonorable brigandage adopted into their society by superseding their old code with the Supercommando Codex, bringing honor back to their society. The Death Watch, a splinter group, opposed such change and fought the True Mandalorians in a civil war to determine their future. A later group called the Mandalorian Protectors, formed by Mandalore the Resurrector, would revive mercenary traditions and prior to the Yuuzhan Vong War, Mandalorians were once again in high demand.Boba Fett: A Practical Man Mercenaries worked either as freelancers or as members of some larger military unit or mercenary guild. Some of them included:Ailon Nova GuardAurodium SwordAzkul's mercenariesBlack CursBrommstaad MercenariesChurhee's RiflemenCrimson AcesFirst Sun Mobile RegimentFreelance Mercenary CorpsGrrtok's BandLaramus Base IrregularsMistryl Shadow GuardNova ForceRebel privateersRed MoonsSabaoth Squadron
Prostitutes were individuals who engaged in sexual activity for payment. During the Age of the Empire, prostitutes and other unsavory elements like dealers and smugglers were known to inhabit the slums of Valentia, a city on the planet Jelucan.
A prostitute was a being who provided sexual services in exchange for payment. Prostitution was known to be abundant on planets such as Keyorin, Brentaal IV, Arcan IV, and probably many other worlds throughout the galaxy. It could even be found on planets such as Coruscant, mostly confined to brothels or other seedy entertainment venues such as the Outlander Club.
A sky-sailor was the term given to Exocron citizens who made their living working on the various sky transports and other repulsorlift powered vehicles that plied the planet's airlanes. The term may have also been applied to members of the Exocron Airfleet.
A stripper was a type of dancer that specialized in sexual enticement before a crowd of, usually, beings of the opposite gender. During a dance routine, the stripper would take off his or her outer garments in a stylistic fashion, revealing either their nude or semi-nude forms or revealing underwear. During his time on Dathomir, Prince Isolder imagined the many Dathomiri witches of Singing Mountain Clan staring at him with lust, as though he were a stripper.
A telbun was a middle-class Human from the Kuat system chosen by one of the great merchant families to parent a child with a Kuati noble. Once selected, they became the property of the upper class. The telbun was made to wear heavy red and purple robes that hid their bodies from the public eye, as well as tall, starched collars and high, cylindrical hats. Although there were both male and female telbun, males were much more common due to the matriarchal Kuati society. A telbun was raised and trained by families to excel in academics, social manners and athletics. Once the appropriate age was reached, the telbun underwent a series of tests that produced a ranking by combining the scores for intelligence, grace, health and genetic makeup. The telbun arrangement was seen as mutually beneficial, providing a child heir to the noble's house while greatly enriching the family of the telbun through the fees paid for his service. Although the telbun's family was well-compensated, they could not claim any of the nobles' riches. The telbun became the guardian and tutor of the child, and because of the parental bond, the telbun was very devoted to the child. Although the child was aware that the telbun was one half of his or her biological makeup, only the aristocratic family was acknowledged as having a blood relationship. The Kuati saw many advantages to the telbun arrangement, including as a way of avoiding inbreeding, and making merchants free to enter alliances and mergers without placing a child in jeopardy of being drawn into an enemy camp when whatever enterprise that brought the two people together collapsed. Nevertheless, the process of divorcing reproduction from emotional commitments, as well as the slave-like status of the telbun, struck many outsiders as inhuman. In 6.5 ABY, during a Rogue Squadron covert reconnaissance mission on Imperial City leading up to the liberation of Coruscant, Corran Horn posed as a telbun named Darsk Ristel. This allowed him to infiltrate the planet along with fellow pilot Erisi Dlarit, who was disguised as Ris Darsk, his Kuati noble master. Viqi Shesh, the senator of Kuat sector in 25 ABY, had at least two telbuns living with her on Coruscant. At least one served as her senatorial aide.
A valet was a being employed as a personal attendant. During her time as an actress, Rollo Morsai—performing under the name Jona Reeten—employed a valet known as Tiebo. When Morsai opted for the life of a tramp freighter captain after being blacklisted, Tiebo was employed as her pilot.
A pilot, sometimes called a starpilot or flyboy, directly controlled the operation of a vehicle while located within the same craft. For small starships the pilot might have been in charge of all aspects of the vehicle including navigation, sensors, communications and weapons. For larger ships, a pilot may have been assisted by other crew members to handle different ship systems. The term "pilot" applied across vehicles used on land or in water, air, and/or space. Combat pilots would either need to move together or singly during starfighter combat. According to the Chiss Thrawn, pilots in a battle, like soldiers on a battlefield, saw victory differently from others in battle. Thrawn stated this was because to a pilot or soldier on the line, victory was surviving the battle they were currently involved in.
A pilot, sometimes called a flyboy, directly controlled the operation of a vehicle while located within the same craft. A pilot was often assisted by a copilot, navigator, astromech droid, weapons officer, or other crew members. The term "pilot" was applied across vehicles used on land or in water, air, and/or space. The military designation for a pilot was PL-1. Whether this applied to all pilots, or only starfighter pilots is unknown. In smaller spacecraft, the word pilot and captain were interchangeable, but on larger vessels, the pilots were rarely the commanders of the vessels. Starship captains, because of their generally piloting small-scale starships, were sometimes referred to informally as "flyboy."
